Node: (0, 0)--------------------
CONTENT: Says a U.S. Supreme Court justice suggested that some U.S. cases will be decided based on South African law.
CONTENT: On whether he would vote for the budget proposed by Rep. Paul Ryan, R-Wis.
CONTENT: I know that Hillary on occasion has said just last year said this (NAFTA) was a boon to the economy.
CONTENT: Newt Gingrich says electric co-ops and credit unions are government-sponsored enterprises like Freddie Mac.
CONTENT: When New York Gov. Eliot Spitzer wanted to provide drivers licenses to those who are undocumented. (Hillary Clinton) said dont do it.
CONTENT: Says U.S. Rep. Paul Ryan promised to end health care for our seniors.
CONTENT: Says he didnt tell viewers that the Obama campaign hid news about the motives behind the attack in Benghazi because Obama was running for re-election.
CONTENT: Casey Weinstein: No faith in our military ... When some of our cadets wanted to watch a religious film, Casey Weinstein sued the U.S. military. Sued our soldiers?
CONTENT: The Congressional Budget Office most recently came out and analyzed the current (health care) plan and said that it was not only deficit-neutral, but also that over 10 years it would create a $6 billion surplus.
Node: (0, 1)--------------------
CONTENT: Says U.S. Senate rival Tammy Baldwin supports a tax increase that President Obama says would cost middle-class families $3,000 per year.
CONTENT: Says that, as a Supreme Court justice, Greg Abbott found that a company whose vacuum cleaners were sold door to door had no responsibility in the hiring of a salesman who raped a customer.
CONTENT: Says after Hillary Clinton helped a man accused of raping a 12-year-old, shes seen laughing on two separate occasions, laughing at the girl who was raped.
CONTENT: Says Daniel Webster thinks wives should submit to their husbands.
CONTENT: Ann Kuster turned a blind eye to those in need of funding by voting against funding for our nations veterans, low-income women and children, the FDA and the National Institutes of Health.
Node: (0, 2)--------------------
CONTENT: Jim Renacci cheated on his income taxes and is a deadbeat citizen.
CONTENT: Says Russ Feingold was the only senator to vote against Homeland Security.
CONTENT: Gov. (Scott) Walker has yet to create a job, he gives away millions to his friends, and he raises taxes on working people.
CONTENT: I joined the Gang of 14, seven Republicans, seven Democrats, so that we wouldn't blow up the United States Senate. Sen. Obama had the opportunity to join that group. He chose not to.
CONTENT: Senator Webb was a reliable vote for President Obama and Senator Harry Reid.
CONTENT: Says Mitt Romney has flip-flopped on his support for President Reagans policies.
CONTENT: Says his tax plan wouldnt leave the federal government with a $1.1 trillion hole.
CONTENT: McCain economic adviser Phil Gramm is "the architect of some of the deregulation in Washington that helped cause the mess on Wall Street."
CONTENT: On Common Core.
Node: (0, 3)--------------------
CONTENT: Mitt Romney is the first major party candidate for president of the United States in modern times not to release at least 12 years of tax returns.
CONTENT: When Chuck Schumer and Marco Rubio tried to push amnesty, it was Ted Cruz who stopped them.
CONTENT: Says Obama flip-flopped on a gas-tax "holiday."
CONTENT: Ron Klein sponsored an amendment that specifically allows price gouging.
CONTENT: Newt Gingrich teamed with Nancy Pelosi and Al Gore on global warming.
CONTENT: Says Ted Cruzs father was with Lee Harvey Oswald before the assassination of President John F. Kennedy.
Node: (0, 4)--------------------
CONTENT: He told gay organizers in Massachusetts he would be a stronger advocate for special rights than even Ted Kennedy.
CONTENT: Tommy Thompson wanted to implant data chips in humans.
CONTENT: Says Ted Cruz wanted to let in more Syrian refugees and give amnesty to illegal immigrants.
CONTENT: John Cornyn backed his pal David Dewhurst for the U.S. Senate over Ted Cruz.
CONTENT: Opponent Holly Benson said that Just because youre poor doesnt mean youre unhealthy, it just means you have a lot more time to go running.
CONTENT: On a balanced budget amendment.
Node: (0, 5)--------------------
CONTENT: When asked about equal pay for women, (Rubios) quote was that it was a waste of time.
CONTENT: Says that Susan Rice, the presidents national security adviser, has already conceded that Iran will have a robust uranium enrichment capability.
CONTENT: Says George Soros and Bill Gates are funding a bioweapons lab in Sierra Leone that caused the Ebola outbreak.
CONTENT: Says Mitt Romneys plan calls for a $5 trillion tax cut.
CONTENT: Says Donald Trump said the government is going to pay for everybody to have health care.
CONTENT: In an interview with the Chicago TribunesEditorial Board, Comptroller Leslie Munger says that in order to balance a budget, the state would have to cut social services completely.
CONTENT: Says Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said that if he has a nuclear weapon he will use it to wipe Israel off the face of the earth. He will use it against the United States of America.
Node: (0, 6)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Miami Congressman Carlos Curbelo supports drilling offshore and repeatedly voted against President Obamas ability to fight pollution and combat climate change.
CONTENT: Barack Obama wrote a thesis at Columbia University in which he criticized "plutocratic thugs" and said the Constitution gave Americans "the shackles of hypocrisy."
CONTENT: Says David Dewhurst explicitly advocated a guest worker program for all illegal immigrants.
CONTENT: Says that in her speech to the pro-Israel group AIPAC, Hillary Clinton had one line on the Palestinian people.
CONTENT: The head of the FBI has told Congress they cannot vet those (Syrian) refugees.
CONTENT: Sen. McCain would occupy Iraq indefinitely, against their wishes.
CONTENT: Says former Clinton budget director Alice Rivlin said the stimulus bill "won't actually stimulate the economy."
CONTENT: Says Ken Cuccinelli attacked churches for helping the poor.
CONTENT: Says Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius told insurance companies they couldnt inform their policyholders of what they thought the impact of Obamacare would be on them.
Node: (0, 7)--------------------
CONTENT: On using the Strategic Petroleum Reserve.
CONTENT: Says Tammy Baldwin introduced a bill that would require doctors and other health care workers to ask patients, including young children, whether they are gay, lesbian, bisexual, or if they know their gender identity.
CONTENT: Says North Carolina Republican Senate candidate Thom Tillis called Obamacare a great idea.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clinton couldnt bring herself to say we need to separate commercial banking and speculative banking, namely reinstating Glass-Steagall.
CONTENT: I just want to assure [you] were not talking about cutting Medicare benefits.
CONTENT: Joe Sestak ... even wants to bring back the death tax, letting the IRS take half of your savings when you die.
Node: (0, 8)--------------------
CONTENT: The DNC says McCain flip-flopped on whether the Iraq War would be easy.
CONTENT: Says Ronda Storms voted to fund the Taj Mahal courthouse.
CONTENT: On the night of the Iowa caucuses, Obama promised the nation that he would do health care reform focused on cost containment, he opposed an individual mandate, and he said he was going to do it with Republicans.
CONTENT: Gov. Rick Scott is trying to get a waiver under the federal health care law that would deny consumers in Florida the right to the $60 million in rebates they have from their own HMOs.
CONTENT: Says that under his tax plan, no matter where you are in the stratosphere, youre going to be getting a tax cut.
CONTENT: Understand, this is unemployment insurance. Its not welfare, as a lot of my Republican colleagues like to suggest it is. You pay into it when youre working. You get help when youre not.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clinton said all work-related emails were sent back to the State Department. The FBI director said, thats not true.
CONTENT: On applying prosecutorial discretion to immigration cases.
Node: (0, 9)--------------------
CONTENT: Shes voted for 60 tax increases, hurting the middle class and small businesses.
CONTENT: President Eisenhower, on the night before the Normandy invasion...[wrote a] letter of resignation to the United States Army for the failure of the landings at Normandy.
CONTENT: There have been some estimates that if you deported everybody who is in Texas illegally, it would create an economic recession for the state.
CONTENT: Says Mark Warner has supported Harry Reid down the line.
CONTENT: Obama has chosen to deny the vicious anti-Semitic motivation of the attack on a kosher Jewish grocery in Paris.
Node: (0, 10)--------------------
CONTENT: Says he helped to draft parts of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform bill.
CONTENT: Says Deborah Ross supports the Iran nuclear deal and the ransom it paid for hostages.
CONTENT: Says she has opposed measures to weaken the Dodd-Frank Wall Street regulatory bill and campaign-finance legislation when they were offered as stand-alone bills.
CONTENT: Rand Paul supports Obamas negotiations with Iran.
CONTENT: Says former state Sen. Kelli Ward wanted to ban our intelligence agencies from operating in Arizona.
CONTENT: Republican candidate for governor Allan Fung donated to Democrats like Congressman David Cicilline, disgraced (House) speaker Gordon Fox and even Mr. Obamacare, Harry Reid.
CONTENT: Obama put a 10 percent tax on tanning.
CONTENT: Onthe Iran nuclear deal
CONTENT: Says Mitt Romney wants to end tax credits for wind producers.
CONTENT: On whether the federal government should set a minimum wage
CONTENT: Newt balanced the federal budget.
CONTENT: Says Schaufler was the only Democrat who voted to stop the states health care reform plan.
CONTENT: Richard Nixon released tax returns when he was under audit.
Node: (0, 11)--------------------
CONTENT: Says John Boehner admits we are not going to be any different than weve been by returning to the same failed economic policies that wrecked our economy.
CONTENT: Congressman Jeff Denhamhas agreed all illegal immigrants should be detained, arrested and deported.
CONTENT: I argued for years that we need to move from a 'Musharraf policy' to a 'Pakistan policy.' 
CONTENT: The Obama administration offered $900 million to Hamas, a recognized terrorist organization, to rebuild Gaza.
CONTENT: President Barack Obama supports immigration amnesty.
CONTENT: On the status of illegal immigrants
CONTENT: Obama "wants a windfall profits tax on oil to go along with the new taxes he also plans for coal and natural gas."
CONTENT: On the status of illegal immigrants
CONTENT: Says he led the effort to build a new (University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee) engineering campus in Wauwatosa.
CONTENT: Says that as Massachusetts governor, Mitt Romney condemned coal-fired plants, saying they kill people.
CONTENT: Says Jim Renacci opposed increasing combat bonuses for our troops.
Node: (0, 12)--------------------
CONTENT: On how to respond to Puerto Ricos debt crisis.
CONTENT: On whether to run for the U.S. Senate as an independent.
CONTENT: On fundraising for super PACs
CONTENT: As governor of Massachusetts, Romney reduced unemployment to just 4.7 percent.
CONTENT: Says U.S. Senate opponent Ron Johnson is opposed to all government-assisted student loans.
CONTENT: Says Mitt Romney called the Arizona law a model for the nation.
Node: (0, 13)--------------------
CONTENT: On changing the rules governing judicial conflicts of interest
CONTENT: On running for re-election to U.S. Senate
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clinton wants to increase Syrian refugees to this country by 550 percent.
CONTENT: On whether he would put a missile shield in Poland.
CONTENT: On whether to eliminate the state income tax.
CONTENT: On whether humans contribute to global warming
CONTENT: Says Patrick Murphy advocated for cuts to Social Security and Medicare.
Node: (0, 14)--------------------
CONTENT: On how money from a possible lease of the Ohio Turnpike would be used
CONTENT: On letting Occupy Atlanta protesters stay in Woodruff Park.
CONTENT: On auditing the Federal Reserve
CONTENT: Obamas position on nuclear arms is a march toward global zero.
CONTENT: On whether the state should ramp up borrowing to build roads.
CONTENT: On whether judges should be allowed to place children with gay couples who wish to adopt.
CONTENT: Says he opposed $716 billion cut to Medicare.
CONTENT: On the Iran nuclear deal
CONTENT: On bringing casino gambling and other gaming to Georgia
CONTENT: On responding to chemical weapon use in Syria
CONTENT: On whether the state should privatize the Ohio Turnpike.
CONTENT: On whether the Iraq War was a mistake.
Node: (0, 15)--------------------
CONTENT: On legalizing illegal immigrants.
CONTENT: Ed Gillespies 2006 book promoted an individual health care mandate, and recommends that it be enforced by the IRS through the income tax code.
CONTENT: On delaying a health care mandate on business.
CONTENT: Says Obama opposes offshore drilling and a gas tax holiday.
CONTENT: On supporting the charter school amendment.
CONTENT: On deporting illegal immigrants.
CONTENT: On supporting the Supreme Court abortion decision Roe v. Wade
CONTENT: On abortion rights.
CONTENT: On supporting the eventual Republican presidential nominee
CONTENT: On his support for Donald Trump.
CONTENT: On running for Senate if Jim Webb retires.
CONTENT: On opposing citizenship for illegal immigrants
CONTENT: On immigration reform
CONTENT: On the economic stimulus.
CONTENT: On President Barack Obamas stimulus
CONTENT: On running for the U.S. Senate as an independent.
CONTENT: On using embryonic stem cells for medical research.
Node: (0, 16)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Paul Ryan is still endorsing Trump.
CONTENT: President Obama decided not to meet with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in New York.
CONTENT: Mitt Romney said we should let foreclosures hit the bottom.
CONTENT: Hillary Clinton wants to "wave the white flag of surrender and set a date for withdrawal."
CONTENT: President Obama has said he is going to cut veterans benefits.
CONTENT: Says Romney said we should ask Pakistan for permission to take a shot at Osama bin Laden.
CONTENT: Says Romney wants to add $2 trillion to the defense budget that the military hasnt asked for.
CONTENT: The Obama administration has been raising taxes.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clinton has promised to raise taxes by $1 trillion dollars.
CONTENT: Says Obama opposes lower gas taxes, nuclear power, new offshore drilling and doesn't have "new solutions" to the energy crisis.
CONTENT: Says Goldman Sachs CEO said Congress would have to cut Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid and give huge tax breaks to the wealthy and the large corporations.
Node: (0, 17)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clinton defended Syrias President Assad as a possible reformer at the start of that countrys civil war.
CONTENT: Trump proposed enacting the largest tax increase in American history.
CONTENT: Says Donald Trump wants to deport our Dreamers.
CONTENT: Romney adviser admits Romneycare was blueprint for Obamacare.
CONTENT: Says Obama refuses to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel.
CONTENT: Says she condemned violence at a campaign stop in Arizona in March.
CONTENT: Says that Josh Mandel voted to let insurance companies deny coverage for autism
CONTENT: Mitt Romney is tearing down his 3,000-square-foot house to build an 11,000-square-foot house.
CONTENT: Says Donald Trump promised the mass deportation of Latino families.
CONTENT: Says Iowa Republican Senate candidate Joni Ernst would privatize Social Security.
CONTENT: Says Barack Obamas regulatory adviser Cass Sunstein, wants to ban hunting and says animals should be represented in court.
CONTENT: On taxes, President Barack Obama wants to raise the top rate to 44.8 percent.
CONTENT: Buck wants to privatize Social Security.
CONTENT: Obama opposed exploring for energy in Alaska.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clinton wants sanctuary cities.
CONTENT: Art Robinson says Social Security should be ended through attrition.
CONTENT: Says Donald Trump believes that states should actually have the right to lower the minimum wage below $7.25.
CONTENT: Says Donald Trump wants to get rid of the federal minimum wage.
CONTENT: John McCain wants to "give oil companies another $4-billion" in tax breaks.
CONTENT: Barack Obama will "raise Social Security taxes."
CONTENT: McCain opposes repeal of the death tax.
CONTENT: Mitt Romney opposed the gun lobby, even Ronald Reagan.
CONTENT: Says New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg says we can only have three bullets and the NRA wants firearms with nukes on them.
CONTENT: Says Mitt Romney has said we dont need more firemen, more policemen, more teachers.
CONTENT: Says Marco Rubio wanted to cut Social Security and Medicare because he said theyre bankrupting our country.
CONTENT: Says Mitt Romneys comments indicated he would not have pursued Osama bin Laden.
CONTENT: Obama is the Senate's "most liberal."
CONTENT: Says Donald Trump wants to keep big government in charge of federally-owned land.
Node: (0, 18)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Cory Booker supports late-term and partial-birth abortion and opposes safety regulations.
CONTENT: Romney said "'No' to in-state tuition" for illegal immigrants.
CONTENT: Hillary Clinton is "willing to have workers' wages garnisheed if they refuse to buy health insurance."
CONTENT: Barack Obama "said in 2004 there was no difference between (Obama) and George Bush on the war."
CONTENT: Says Mitt Romney has put forward a plan that would cut taxes for millionaires while raising them for the middle class.
CONTENT: Says Donald Trump supports the Wall Street bailout.
CONTENT: Hillary Clinton advocates "a freeze on foreclosures. Barack Obama said no."
CONTENT: Bernie Sanders opposes the death penalty, and Hillary Clinton supports it.
CONTENT: Says Donald Trump supported impeachment of President (George W.) Bush.
CONTENT: Says Marco Rubio opposes immigration reform. Worse, Rubio supports Donald Trump. His plan would deport 800,000 children, destroying families.
CONTENT: Says Mitt Romney opposes requiring employers to cover contraception and would eliminate funding for Planned Parenthood.
CONTENT: Marco Rubio opposes extending unemployment benefits.
CONTENT: I believe we should have tax on carbon and deal aggressively with climate change. That is not (Hillary Clintons)position.
CONTENT: Barack Obama's nominee for 'regulatory czar' has advocated a 'Fairness Doctrine' for the Internet that would require links to opposing opinions.
CONTENT: John Boehner has called for repealing the rest of the stimulus, which would raise taxes on 110 million middle class people.
CONTENT: The founders advised non-interventionism.
CONTENT: Barack Obama supports plans to raise "income taxes ... payroll taxes."
CONTENT: McCain has switched to Obama's position on more troops to Afghanistan.
Node: (0, 19)--------------------
CONTENT: Donald Trump has said nuclear proliferation is OK.
CONTENT: Marco Rubio voted against authorizing President Obama to strike Syria after Assad used chemical weapons on his own people.
CONTENT: Mitt Romneys pledged to protect (oil companies) record profits and their billions in special tax breaks, too.
CONTENT: David Perdue said hed raise taxes.
CONTENT: Says U.S. Senate candidate Joni Ernst does not support a national minimum wage.
CONTENT: Says Scott Bruun supports cutting the Department of Commerce and eliminating NOAA.
CONTENT: The American Academy of Pediatrics supports banning guns.
CONTENT: Says Donald Trump has outlined policies that read like a Kremlin wish list.
CONTENT: John McCain has said the economy is "not his strong suit."
CONTENT: We need to pass a carbon tax to stop climate change. Break up the Wall Street banks. And stop the government spying on innocent Americans. Cory Booker doesnt support any of these ideas.
CONTENT: In writing his book, Gov. Perry pointed out that by any measure Social Security has been a failure.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clintoninsists that when the progressive agenda encounters religious beliefs to the contrary, those beliefs have to be changed.
CONTENT: Says Mitt Romney is committed to overturning Roe vs. Wade, and he supports such amendments that define a life as beginning at the moment of conception.
CONTENT: Obama says hes put forward a specific $4 trillion deficit reduction plan.
CONTENT: Says Marco Rubio said that people who essentially dont agree with him, ought to leave the country, like Keith Olbermann.
CONTENT: Says the Republican Party platform says pull back even more of the rules on campaign finance reform, get rid of McCain-Feingold while the Democratic Party platform says we want to find a way to put more fair rules on campaign finance reform.
CONTENT: Says Scott Bruun still believes in the same old direction that George Bush had before, which is to privatize Social Security.
CONTENT: Mitt Romney says class sizes dont matter.
CONTENT: Says Donald Trump said a woman should be punished for exercising her right to choose.
CONTENT: I have disagreed strongly with the Bush administration on this issue of global warming.
CONTENT: Says Donald Trump has saidhewould be neutral between Israel and its enemies.
CONTENT: Says Mitt Romney said he does not line up with the NRA.
CONTENT: Says Donald Trump doesnt believe in equal pay.
CONTENT: First, he said he would take all of our troops out in six months, and now he acknowledges it would take a year.
CONTENT: Says opposing the Paycheck Fairness Act is part of the Koch brothers agenda.
CONTENT: I'm for a three-state political solution in Iraq. (Romney) is not.
CONTENT: Says Jeb Bush not only opposes marriage equality, hes said he personally believes gay couples should be banned from adopting children.
CONTENT: McCain opposes a woman's right to choose.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clinton has called for a radical 550 percent increase in Syrian ... refugees . . . despite the fact that theres no way to screen these refugees in order to find out who they are or where they come from.
CONTENT: Donna Campbell has called for ending all federal funding for education
CONTENT: In 2010, Mr. [Anthony] Gemma described himself as a pro-life candidate. Now, he claims to be pro-choice.
Node: (0, 20)--------------------
CONTENT: Carly Fiorina, shes against banning assault weapons.
CONTENT: Says Donald Trump has defended World War II internment camps.
CONTENT: Says King Street Patriots held a fundraiser featuring an author who believes that registering the poor to vote is un-American.
CONTENT: Cory Gardner is sponsoring a bill to ban all abortions right now.
CONTENT: Says Donald Trump said he intends to open up additional areas off the coast to oil drilling during the campaign.
CONTENT: Obama says McCain went to Bermuda and "pledged to protect tax breaks for American corporations that hide their profits offshore."
CONTENT: First, he said he would leave residual forces in Iraq, and now he says he wouldn't.
CONTENT: Says Mitt Romney suggested that employers should be able to make the decision as to whether or not a woman gets contraception through her insurance coverage.
CONTENT: Says President Barack Obama initially said the national health-care mandate isnt a tax, but his administration now says it is a tax.
CONTENT: Says he is the only candidate in the race for Clackamas County Chair who will refuse to join the Public Employees Retirement System.
CONTENT: First, Donald Trump said wages are too high, and both Donald Trump and Mike Pence think we ought to eliminate the federal minimum wage.
CONTENT: Rick Scott has said that he would do away with the Department of Community Affairs.
CONTENT: Pat Toomey thinks corporations shouldnt pay any taxes.
CONTENT: President Obama has stopped using the phrase war on terror.
CONTENT: Says Indiana Gov. Mike Pence denies that theres such a thing as evolution.
CONTENT: Democrats have said that "even one hearing (on the stimulus bill) would be one too many, and that we have a single day to approve these five complex propositions that will affect the lives of millions."
CONTENT: Says Scott Bruun supports allowing corporations to secretly funnel millions of dollars to front groups to finance attack ads.
CONTENT: Says Donald Trump has said he wants to be neutral on Israel and the Palestinians
CONTENT: Obama said (the individual mandate) wasnt a tax.
CONTENT: Says President Barack Obama said that if he doesnt turn the economy around after three years in office, hell be a one-term president.
CONTENT: Mitt Romney says the next president doesn't need foreign policy experience.
CONTENT: Says she called for addressing risks of derivatives, cracking down on subprime mortgages and improving financial oversight early on in the financial crisis.
CONTENT: Says Donald Trump has supported a Canadian-style universal health care system.
CONTENT: Says Donald Trump claimed our armed forces are a disaster.
CONTENT: Says Marco Rubio opposes abortioneven in the case of rape and incest.
CONTENT: Says Mitt Romney has refused to say whether he would have vetoed or signed the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act.
Node: (0, 21)--------------------
CONTENT: John Cornyn has voted to increase the debt, raise taxes, bail out Wall Street banks and fund Obamacare.
CONTENT: House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said this week that the Democrats have to pass their terrible health care bill so that the American people can actually find out what's in it.
CONTENT: Says Ted Cruz has pledged to eliminate the U.S. Department of Education, which would end federal aid to college students.
CONTENT: Gov. Terry McAuliffe has made several statements that he would love to be in a Cabinet secretary position with the Clinton administration.
CONTENT: Newt Gingrich has been a proponent of selecting a president by popular vote instead of the Electoral College.
CONTENT: Throughout his time in elected office, Barack Obama has taken multiple positions on banning handguns and the D.C. handgun ban.
CONTENT: Kendrick Meek claims hes the only candidate who saidSonia Sotomayor will make an excellent Supreme Court justice.
CONTENT: Barack Obama has consistently voted against tougher penalties for criminals.
CONTENT: Republican House candidateMarilinda Garcia even opposes closing the loophole that allows dangerous criminals to get a gun without a background check.
CONTENT: Its been nearly three weeks since the president has commented on questions about possible hidden wait lists at veterans hospitals.
CONTENT: In April, Sen. McCain came out against helping women earn equal pay for equal work.
CONTENT: Says Madison Mayor Paul Soglins stated intent when proposing that city contractors disclose private political donations was to discourage contributions to organizations with which he disagrees.
CONTENT: Im the only candidate for Milwaukee County executive that has voted against increasing government pensions.
CONTENT: Zephyr Teachout says she is against Super PACs despite taking money from Super PAC donors
CONTENT: Obama "voted against funding our troops."
CONTENT: Suzanne Bonamici was the only no vote on a 2009 bill cracking down on drunk drivers.
CONTENT: Donald Trump says hed deport 16 million people.
CONTENT: Says Rick Perry turned down our invitation to meet President Barack Obama in El Paso.
Node: (0, 22)--------------------
CONTENT: Dan Patrick said that if women get paid less than a man for the same job, that thats not a problem.
CONTENT: In 2009 Hillary Clinton was at the State Department working with U.S. corporations to pressure Haiti not to raise the minimum wage to 61 cents an hour from 24 cents.
CONTENT: Bin Laden had declared war against Pakistan.
CONTENT: John McCain said last year he didn't know of a solution to the mortgage crisis.
CONTENT: Thomas Jefferson expressed strong support for a balanced budget amendment in 1798.
CONTENT: Says his opponent Dorman Grace brags on his Facebook page about receiving illegal campaign contributions.
CONTENT: (Deborah) Ross defends those who want to burn the American flag, and even called efforts to ban flag-burning ridiculous, yet refused to help a disabled veteran fly the flag.
CONTENT: Austin mayoral candidate Steve Adler admitted his law firm worked with Koch Industries for nearly a decade.
CONTENT: The Republican candidate [John Loughlin] has talked about privatizing Social Security ... so we know where he stands on the issue.
CONTENT: Says Donald Trump has written 10 checks to Hillary Clinton and four of those checks were not to her Senate campaign. It was to her presidential campaign.
CONTENT: John McCain "said publicly that Hillary Clinton would make a good president."
CONTENT: Says Scott Walker is forcing some women to undergo a transvaginal probe to get an abortion.
CONTENT: Judge Sotomayor has said "that policy is made on the U.S. Court of Appeals."
CONTENT: The Obama administrations own Environmental Protection Agency has said its Clean Power Plan will have a marginal impact on climate change.
CONTENT: Says Donald Trump mocked someone with a disability.
CONTENT: Barack Obama said he would debate 'anywhere, anytime' but has rejected joint town hall meetings.
CONTENT: Russia and China are doing naval exercises together someplace.
CONTENT: President Barack Obama said over 20 times he did not have the legal authority to act as he did on immigration.
CONTENT: Says Gloria Steinem once called Kay Bailey Hutchison a female impersonator.
CONTENT: Says Scott Walker wants to make abortion illegal, even in cases of rape, incest or to protect the life of the mother.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clinton supported and continues to support fracking.
CONTENT: Obama has maintained a friendship with a now convicted felon.
CONTENT: In 1992, Mitt Romney gave money to Democrats for Congress.
CONTENT: Says Ron Johnson referred to The Lego Movie as an insidious anti-business conspiracy.
CONTENT: Coca-Colas CEO said he finds it easier to do work in China than in the United States.
CONTENT: Tells President Barack Obama that he also asked former President George W. Bush about how he felt about Americans hating him.
CONTENT: Cheney is disagreeing with President Bush's policy. President Bush stated repeatedly to international audiences and to the country that he wanted to close Guantanamo.
CONTENT: Says Donald Trump has a long history of exporting jobs overseas.
CONTENT: Rick Santorum says Rick Perry requested 1,200 earmarks as governor of Texas.
CONTENT: Newt Gingrich has suggested building a mirror system in space could improve the Earths habitability.
CONTENT: Says Mitt Romney has said different things about whether global warming is caused by humans
CONTENT: The (Wisconsin) governor has proposed tax giveaways to corporations.
CONTENT: Wayne Powell has a stated position of having no objection to taking `In God We Trust off of U.S. currency.
CONTENT: On instances when abortions should be allowed.
Node: (0, 23)--------------------
CONTENT: Hillary Clinton has taken over $800,000 from lobbyists.
CONTENT: Says Donald Trump and Ron Johnson oppose a womans right to choose and Johnson voted against the Violence Against Women Act.
CONTENT: The lawyer who brought the case against NationsBank said publicly that Alex Sink had nothing to do with the case, had nothing to do with the situation and didnt know about the problems.
CONTENT: Says opponent Ted Cruz has not led businesses.
CONTENT: Says Mitt Romney has flip-flopped on abortion rights.
CONTENT: Says he and President Barack Obama have the same position on gay marriage.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clinton isunder investigation with the FBI right now.
CONTENT: Says Donald Trump says he has foreign policy experience because he ran the Miss Universe pageant in Russia.
CONTENT: Says Dan Patrick has called immigration into Texas an invasion and said immigrants coming into Texas bring third-world diseases.
CONTENT: Says President Barack Obama released a statement on the death of brother Robin Williams before ... a statement on brother Michael Brown.
CONTENT: On recusing herself from cases after receiving a campaign contribution
CONTENT: Says Mark Warner has supported restrictions on veterans second amendment rights.
CONTENT: Bob Barr has changed his position on the Defense of Marriage Act over the years.
CONTENT: Says Donald Trump has bankrupt four separate businesses.
CONTENT: Says Donald Trump himself contributed $100,000 to the Clinton Foundation.
Node: (0, 24)--------------------
CONTENT: Bill McCollum holds the same position on (embryonic stem cell research) as Barack Obama.
CONTENT: John Paul Stevens is the only Protestant on the U.S. Supreme Court.
CONTENT: Says he started the Pacur plastics manufacturing company he owns.
CONTENT: Says he and Bernie Sanders have very similar views on trade
CONTENT: Van Jones signed a petition indicating he thinks the Bush administration blew up the World Trade Center and covered it up.
CONTENT: Donald Trump said he was excited for the 2008 housing crash that devastated millions of American families, because he thought it would help him scoop up more real estate on the cheap.
CONTENT: Senator McCain voted against the Bush tax cuts. Now he's for them.
CONTENT: Says Dick Cheney supported gay marriage soonerthan Hillary Clinton.
CONTENT: Says President Barack Obama is responsible for pending defense cuts.
CONTENT: Says Bernie Sanders chose to spend his honeymoon in the Soviet Union in 1988.
CONTENT: (McCain) said he was opposed to overturning Roe v. Wade. Now he's for overturning Roe v. Wade.
CONTENT: Says she is co-owner of Celilo Group Media.
CONTENT: Sen. Obama has declared, and repeatedly reaffirmed his intention to meet the president of Iran without any preconditions.
CONTENT: Says Sen. Bernie Sanders has called President Barack Obama weak. Hes called him a disappointment.
CONTENT: Obama voted for the Bush-Cheney energy bill that put $6-billion in the pocket of big oil.
CONTENT: Rick Perry doesnt think there should be a federal minimum wage.
CONTENT: Says Thom Tillis refuses to say what we should do to combat ISIS.
CONTENT: Romney used to favor gun control, and said he didn't want to go back to Reagan-Bush.
CONTENT: While (Barack) Obama preaches we are our brothers keeper, his brother and aunt live in real poverty in Kenya.
CONTENT: The President has decided to move forward with executive actions on immigration that he has said on numerous occasions that he didnt have the constitutional power to take.
CONTENT: Says he and Mitt Romney agreed on tying minimum wage increases to inflation.
Node: (0, 25)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Scott Walker favors cutting up to 350,000 families and children off health care.
CONTENT: On torture.
CONTENT: Says Bernie Sanders was against the auto bailout and voted against the money that ended up saving the auto industry.
CONTENT: Says Donald Trump says organized crime runs wild on reservations.
CONTENT: He's sued gun manufacturers. He was supportive of Brady. He was supportive of things like assault weapon bans.
CONTENT: Says Donald Trump thinks stop-and-frisk is fine.
CONTENT: Says Bernie Sanders voted for regime change with respect to Libya.
CONTENT: On foreign policy, Joe Biden was against aid for Vietnam, said the fall of the Shah was a step forward for human rights in Iran, opposed Reagans defense build-up and voted against the first Gulf War.
CONTENT: In 2008, Maggie Hassan voted against legislation to prevent sanctuary cities in New Hampshire.
CONTENT: On torture.
CONTENT: Says he cut the budget.
CONTENT: Says Republican U.S. Rep. Bob Dold continues to side with his Republican leadership and the NRA in blocking consideration of a bill that would keep firearms out of the hands of people on the terrorist watch list.
CONTENT: Sen. McConnell says its not his job to bring jobs to Kentucky.
Node: (0, 26)--------------------
CONTENT: Says U.S. Rep. Steve Southerland voted to keep the shutdown going.
CONTENT: Ronald Reagan banned ownership of fully automatic rifles. He supported the assault weaspons ban.
CONTENT: Says Patrick Murphy supports a gun ban on commonly owned semi-automatic firearms used for hunting, recreational shooting and self defense.
CONTENT: Says Bruce Starr voted to throw 6,000 Oregonians off unemployment.
CONTENT: Trump Management was charged with discriminating against African-Americans and breaking federal law.
CONTENT: Says he passed a bill to stop a military requirement that wounded soldiers pay for meals and phone calls.
CONTENT: I supported tort reform with regard to securities...product liability...interstate commerce.
CONTENT: U.S. Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison voted to continue Roe v. Wade.
CONTENT: Sen. George LeMieux voted to let oil companies off the hook and overturn pollution rules.
CONTENT: Says Donald Trump supports eminent domain and the Supreme Courts Kelodecision.
CONTENT: Says Republican state Sen. Alberta Darling offered unqualified support for a plan to end Medicare
CONTENT: Says Rick Santorum voted to let convicted felons vote.
CONTENT: The Republican governor who stood up and cut spending instead of raising taxes.
CONTENT: Sharron Angle voted to protect sex offenders.
CONTENT: Says she stopped Capital Metro from raising fares for senior and disabled citizens.
CONTENT: Says Mitt Romney flip-flopped on gun control.
CONTENT: Sharron Angle supported "a Scientology plan to give massages to prisoners."
CONTENT: McCain "voted against a bill to ban waterboarding, and then applauded President Bush for vetoing that ban."
Node: (0, 27)--------------------
CONTENT: (John McCain) was even mentioned as a running mate with John Kerry.
CONTENT: Says Jeff Brandes voted to allow state-run Citizens Property Insurance to dump policies onto out-of-state, unregulated private companies.
CONTENT: McCain voted 19 times against a minimum-wage increase.
CONTENT: Says she voted for a statewide fracking ban.
CONTENT: Says Erv Nelson voted yes on the pro-amnesty SJR 21, a bill urgingCongress to provide citizenship for those residing illegally in our country.
CONTENT: David Cicilline was the state representative who opposed tough mandatory sentences for those convicted of domestic violence and child abuse.
CONTENT: Says he was the only Republican to vote against creating a House panel to investigate Planned Parenthood.
CONTENT: Sen. (Richard) Burr voted no on the Violence Against Women Act.
CONTENT: The Treaty of Tripoli signed by President John Adams was his outreach to Muslims.
CONTENT: Says Rob Portman said the auto rescue was a lousy deal for Ohio.
CONTENT: Says Austin Mayor Lee Leffingwell voted for a toll lane on MoPac.
CONTENT: Said he opposed every budget Republican and Democrat.
CONTENT: John McCain voted against establishing a national holiday in honor of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
CONTENT: Sen. Johnny Isakson voted for a trade agreement, with China costing Georgia 93,000 jobs.
CONTENT: Says she was the the only Democrat who voted against the Wall Street bailout."
CONTENT: Says Connie Mack was the only member of the Florida delegation that voted against a bill to help NASA.
CONTENT: Hank Johnson voted against legislation to help first responders, teachers, vets and troops.
CONTENT: Bernie Sanders voted with Republicans to protect the Minutemen, a hate group that used military tactics against our community.
CONTENT: Says Rick Scott presided over cuts to the Bright Futures college scholarship program.
Node: (0, 28)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Richard Burr was one of only three senators who voted against a ban on insider trading for members of Congress. And he called that vote brave.
CONTENT: Says Gov. Rick Perry was for Wall Street bailout before he was against it.
CONTENT: Says Scott Brown voted to reward companies to ship jobs overseas.
CONTENT: Republican candidate for Georgia governor dabbled in birther conspiracy theories.
CONTENT: Republican Bob Donovan has run as a Republican time and again.
CONTENT: On campaign donations from Texas Capitol lobbyists.
CONTENT: (Bill) McCollum also voted for numerous amendments to weaken the legislation, even voting to make trains less accessible to those in wheelchairs.
CONTENT: Says Debbie Wasserman Schultz has voted for huge subsidies for the sugar industry ... as well as for delays in cleanups.
Node: (0, 29)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Charlie Crist supports cuts to the Medicare Advantage program.
CONTENT: While Sarah was Mayor of Wasilla she tried to fire our highly respected City Librarian because the Librarian refused to consider removing from the library some books that Sarah wanted removed.
CONTENT: In July 1996, Mitt Romney helped locate the missing teenage daughter of a partner at Bain Capital.
CONTENT: Kim Myers voted repeatedly to raise taxes on the people of Broome County, but made millions off of tax savings when her family business relocated its headquarters.
CONTENT: I told the Congress 'thanks, but no thanks,' on that Bridge to Nowhere.
CONTENT: Says she helped lead the launch of curbside recycling.
CONTENT: When Tallahassee politicians and bureaucrats tried to run our schools, Ive stood up to them to protect local control.
CONTENT: Obama taps porn lawyer for #2 at Justice.
CONTENT: Obama served on a board with former Weather Underground member William Ayers and "that relationship with Mr. Ayers on this board continued after 9/11."
CONTENT: Obama "voted for and even sponsored amendments that were intended to kill the (immigration overhaul) legislation."
CONTENT: Says he sued Obamas EPA seven times.
CONTENT: McCain intervened on behalf of Charles Keating with federal regulators... that allowed Keating to continue his fraud at an incredible cost to taxpayers.
CONTENT: Republican candidate for governor Nathan Deal fought to weaken Georgias rape shield law.
CONTENT: Says he helped save the Olympic games.
CONTENT: Says lawyer appointed by Eric Holder to investigate government leaks helped and donated to Obamas campaign, vetting vice presidential prospects.
CONTENT: Took on the Olympics and turned them around
CONTENT: Republicans fought to protect tax loopholes for corporations that send our jobs overseas.
CONTENT: Says he often appeared on The OReilly Factorand often was praised byBillOReilly.
CONTENT: Sen. Obama has been to Iraq once.
CONTENT: She led the fight to stop health insurance rate hikes and saved Rhode Island families over $150 million.
CONTENT: Says in 2000, Fox News broke the story of George W. Bushs drunk driving arrest. Who broke it? Fox News.
CONTENT: Barack Obama was "a trial attorney for ACORN."
CONTENT: While in Congress, Nathan Deal was a leader when it came to protecting our borders.
CONTENT: An organized crime syndicate was extorting money from his (Tom Ganleys) business, threatening his family, but he fought back and won the FBIs highest civilian award
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clinton helped get done the Childrens Health Insurance Program.
CONTENT: As mayor, Barrett led efforts to redevelop the Menomonee Valley, which now supports nearly 4,000 jobs in Wisconsin.
CONTENT: (My dad) used to campaign against the gas-guzzling dinosaurs.
CONTENT: Obama used to be a lawyer for ACORN.
CONTENT: EPA officials have commended (Koch Industries) for our commitment to a cleaner environment and called us a model for other companies.
CONTENT: When Sarah Palin was in government, Barack Obama was a community organizer.
CONTENT: Worked with Ronald Reagan and helped re-elect him.
CONTENT: John McCain "took on the drug industry."
CONTENT: Says he voted for disaster relief and full funding of FEMA.
CONTENT: I helped to bring peace to Northern Ireland.
CONTENT: Says he restored prayer and the pledge in our schools.
CONTENT: Rick Boucher helped write the cap-and-trade bill
CONTENT: As a state senator in Illinois, Obama made sure women got equal pay for equal work.
CONTENT: I went to the Olympics that was out of balance, and we got it on balance.
Node: (1, 0)--------------------
CONTENT: Greg Abbott and his surrogates have referred to women who have been the victims of rape or incest as though somehow what they are confronting is a minor issue.
CONTENT: Says JoAnne Kloppenburg has told us she thinks its her job to promote a more equal society.
CONTENT: Says Alex Jones said that the victims of the Sandy Hook massacre were child actors and no one was actually killed there.
CONTENT: I have given $30,000 of my unused travel expenses over the years to supplement the school systems general budget.
CONTENT: A Census Bureau worker says he was told to skew information to bring the unemployment rate down as we headed into an election season.
Node: (1, 2)--------------------
CONTENT: When Republican extremists tried to take away abortion rights Blake Rocap stopped them.
CONTENT: During the year Kagan barred military recruiters from Harvard Law School's Office of Career Services, "military recruiting actually went up."
CONTENT: Ted Cruz was the longest-serving solicitor general in the history of Texas.
CONTENT: When (Marcy) Kaptur fought for the Democrats prescription drug benefit for seniors, (Dennis) Kucinich voted no.
CONTENT: Says Newt Gingrich is responsible for the gridlocked politics of Washington.
Node: (1, 3)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Illinois Democrat David Gill would end Medicare.
CONTENT: Barack Obama "wants to nearly double the capital gains tax" increasing taxes on "mutual funds, 401(k)s" for "policemen, firemen, nurses."
CONTENT: Seth Magaziner plans to spend billions more of your money.
Node: (1, 4)--------------------
CONTENT: When Mitt Romney was governor of Massachusetts, he stood in front of a coal plant and pointed at it and said, This plant kills.
CONTENT: Says a $12.5 million incentive deal she approved for Abbott Laboratories contained strong protections for taxpayers if job creation goals were not met.
CONTENT: Says Rick Scotts proposed budget would lay off 20,000 teachers.
Node: (1, 5)--------------------
CONTENT: Wisconsin education agency urged white students to wear white wristbands as a reminder about your (white) privilege.
Node: (1, 6)--------------------
CONTENT: Deepwaters own testimony . . . is they said theyll create six jobs.
CONTENT: President Barack Obama shut down NASA space flights and turned the agency into a Muslim outreach department.
Node: (1, 7)--------------------
CONTENT: Says President Barack Obama attacked potential terrorist targets in Syria in the middle of the night to minimize terrorist casualties.
CONTENT: In 1992, Barack Obama directed "Project Vote - an arm of ACORN that also encouraged voter registration."
CONTENT: Gov. Kitzhaber oversaw creation of the Oregon driver card law behind closed doors without allowing any input from citizens who represent the public interest.
Node: (1, 8)--------------------
CONTENT: In the last two years, I have supported and proposed $155 billion worth of targeting cuts. Dr. Gingrey has presented zero.
Node: (1, 9)--------------------
CONTENT: University of Texas students signed a petition seeking the legal right to abort newborn babies up to five-years-old.
Node: (1, 10)--------------------
CONTENT: And it's going to be difficult for us to do this as long as we're spending $275 million a day on a war that should have never been authorized...
CONTENT: Says Rick Perry proposed a binational health insurance program with Mexico.
CONTENT: Says Marco Rubio wrote and passed bipartisan legislation allowing the VA to fire negligent workers.
CONTENT: Says Jim Frishe wanted to tax us for doing our taxes through an accountant.
CONTENT: Says Barack Obama broke a decades-old policy of not negotiating with terrorists.
Node: (1, 11)--------------------
CONTENT: Just look at what the FBI director said about her (Hillary Clinton) her misconduct is a disgrace and embarrassment to our country.
CONTENT: Says Mitt Romney asked for a waiver from federal welfare rules.
CONTENT: When Susan Rice spoke about Benghazi on Sunday news shows, she said that al-Qaida might be involved, or other al-Qaida affiliates might be involved, or non-al-Qaida Libyan extremists, which I think demonstrates that there was no effort to play that down.
CONTENT: McCain "said no to higher fuel-efficiency standards for cars."
CONTENT: Ronald Reagans philosophy of peace through strength is why the Iranians released the hostages on the same day and at the same hour that Reagan was sworn in.
Node: (1, 12)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Indiana Gov. Mike Pence advocated diverting taxpayer dollars to so-called conversion therapy.
CONTENT: Says Mitt Romney told university students in Ohio that to start a business, they should borrow money if you have to from your parents.
Node: (1, 13)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Rick Perry wanted to secede from the union.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clinton voted to raise taxes on workers earning as little as $41,500.
CONTENT: The president said he was going to create daylight between ourselves and Israel.
CONTENT: A federal judge said President Barack Obamas executive action on immigration is unconstitutional.
Node: (1, 14)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Rep. Jim Weidner proposed a bill taking away health care for 80,000 of Oregons children.
CONTENT: Says Sen. Sherrod Brown admitted that his $787 billion stimulus law failed and after specifically attacking Republicans for wanting to lower Americans taxes, (he) now claims that his stimulus bill didnt do enough to lower taxes.
CONTENT: Obamas secretary of energy, Dr. Steven Chu, has said publicly he wants us to pay European levels (for gasoline), and that would be $9 or $10 a gallon.
CONTENT: Says Newt Gingrich supports amnesty for illegal immigrants.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine want to shut down shale, and shut down natural gas.
CONTENT: Says Donald Trump said the U.S. should encourage Japan to get nuclear weapons.
CONTENT: Nevada Republican Senate nominee Joe Heck voted to criminalize abortion for rape victims.
Node: (1, 15)--------------------
CONTENT: McCain opposed a requirement that the government buy American-made motorcycles. And he said all buy-American provisions were quote 'disgraceful.' 
CONTENT: Says Barack Obamas administration has admitted that money from its Iran nuclear deal would go directly to terrorism.
CONTENT: The California governor says yes to poisoning more children with mercury and aluminum in vaccines.
CONTENT: Says Scott Walker says he would ban stem cell research
CONTENT: Obama says Clinton in 2002 suggested there was a connection between al-Qaida and the Iraqi government.
CONTENT: Says Donald Trump is for a single-payer health care system.
CONTENT: As a candidate, President Obama declared that everyone deserves access to reproductive health care that includes abortion, and vowed that this 'right' would be at the heart of his health care reform plan if elected president.
CONTENT: In 2010, Clinton said Iran could enrich uranium. In 2014 she said shes always argued against it.
Node: (1, 16)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Jeb Bush said low-income women should get their life together and find a husband.
CONTENT: Barack Obama said "people making less than $250,000 would benefit from his plan" then said "if you're a family making less than $200,000, you'll benefit."
CONTENT: Says he said last year theres absolutely no reason for Texas to secede.
CONTENT: President Barack Obama has announced that he would not sign ANY spending bills this year unless sequestration spending cuts are eliminated.
CONTENT: He admits he still doesn't know how to use a computer, can't send an e-mail.
CONTENT: President Obamas suggested reduction in spending for next year: $0.
CONTENT: The director of the FBI said that we cannot properly vet people coming from the Middle East.
CONTENT: Says Donald Trump promised to repeal Obamacare, build a wall, ban Muslims, and more.
CONTENT: Says IBM leader told Obama that using IBM technology to cut fraud could pay for health care reform.
CONTENT: In his first TV interview as president, Obama said we should talk to Iran.
CONTENT: Says GOP Senate nominee Darryl Glenn said he wants to see Ted Cruz appointed to the U.S. Supreme Court.
CONTENT: Says Mitt Romney said we are going to have to live with high gas prices, its a good thing because it will reduce consumption, we dont want to produce any more gasoline.
Node: (1, 17)--------------------
CONTENT: Says President Barack Obama promised a pathway to citizenship to undocumented immigrants and didnt deliver jack squat on any of it.
CONTENT: Obamacare will provide coverage for abortions, despite the presidents commitment that it would not.
CONTENT: Says Abraham Lincoln tried to buy slavesfreedom in border states, but the states all rejected it.
CONTENT: Barack Obama won't even use the term 'war on terrorism.'
CONTENT: Says Obama broke his promise to offer a comprehensive immigration bill in his first year.
CONTENT: Says Obama promised to cut the deficit in half.
CONTENT: Says Newt Gingrich said Spanish is the language of the ghetto.
CONTENT: Mitt Romney did not endorse Ted Cruz, even though he said he is voting for Cruz and urged others to do likewise.
CONTENT: Barack Obamas recess appointment of Richard Cordray is precisely what then-Sen. Obama claimed would be the wrong thing to do.
CONTENT: Emails released to the public show Hillary Clinton discussed the location of Ambassador Stevens, who of course was murdered, in Libya.
CONTENT: John McCain says he never supported the privatization of Social Security, even though video shows he did.
CONTENT: Says David Dewhurst accused Cruz of being a Red Chinese Communist.
CONTENT: Senator Clinton tried to spend $1 million on the Woodstock Concert Museum.
CONTENT: Rick Scott's even saying he wants more offshore drilling.
CONTENT: Ben Unger supported a 15 percent property tax increase on Oregon seniors.
CONTENT: The oddest thing is he doesn't want to do for America what he did for Massachusetts. He did mandate health care for Massachusetts, which is HillaryCare, and he doesn't want to do that for America.
CONTENT: The CBO just said if we cut this (unemployment benefits) extension, we will kill jobs, because those people who are looking for work wont have any money to spend.
CONTENT: Says Gov. Doug Ducey wants to use taxpayer dollars to increase the salaries of private prison guards.
Node: (1, 18)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Obama called Kagan a moderate. He called Sotomayor a moderate.
CONTENT: John McCain opposed bankruptcy protections for families "who were only in bankruptcy because of medical expenses they couldn't pay."
CONTENT: Says Barbara Buono voted to raise her own pay 40 percent.
CONTENT: Says Bernie Sanders advocated putting Iranian troops into Syria to try and resolve the conflict there. Putting them right on the doorstep of Israel.
CONTENT: Rick Perry advocated to liquidate the states rainy day fund in 2007.
CONTENT: Ken Buck wants to outlaw abortion, even in cases of rape or incest.
CONTENT: Says Mitt Romney refused to say whether hed sign the Lilly Ledbetter bill.
CONTENT: In 2006, Charlie Crist opposed in-state tuition for illegal immigrants.
CONTENT: Says Republican U.S. Senate candidate Tommy Thompson supports massive tax cuts for corporations that outsource Wisconsin jobs.
CONTENT: Says he supported the 1994 crime bill because there is a ban on assault weapons in that bill.
CONTENT: Says Iowa Senate candidate Joni Ernst promises to shut down the Department of Education and abolish the EPA.
CONTENT: Says that in his book, Rick Perry said that Social Security is unconstitutional.
Node: (1, 19)--------------------
CONTENT: Pat Toomey still supports privatizing Social Security.
CONTENT: I did not support the sequester.
CONTENT: Says he did not support the October 2008 legislation to rescue Wall Street firms.
CONTENT: One man (New Castle, Del., County Executive, Chris Coons) thought property taxes should be hiked almost 50 percent.
CONTENT: He's (Romney) the one who said that he would be to the left of Teddy Kennedy on gay rights.
CONTENT: On opposing legislation that would take away existing health care plans.
CONTENT: Says Mitt Romney would deny gay people the right to adopt children.
CONTENT: Rubio admitted he "would have accepted the stimulus money."
CONTENT: Says David Jolly refused to cut spending for a national greenhouse in D.C.
CONTENT: Republican leaders said "no" to "tax cuts for 95% of working Americans."
CONTENT: Democrats say Chafee wants to tax equipment that enables amputee veterans to drive
CONTENT: Even after Syrian troops began to shoot protesters in the streets with live ammunition in 2011, Clinton labeled Bashar al-Assad a reformer.
Node: (1, 20)--------------------
CONTENT: Obama's wife said her goal in life was to put the black community "first and foremost."
CONTENT: Says Scott Brown voted to give oil companies big tax breaks.
CONTENT: Says that in 2008, President Barack Obama said normalization with Cuba would first require liberation of all political prisoners and some basic steps toward freedom, including freedom of the press, political parties, labor unions.
CONTENT: When the presidents spokesman was asked about (Anwar) al-Awlakis son, he said he should have chosen a more responsible father.
CONTENT: The president of the United States ... agrees with me that marriage should be between a man and a woman.
CONTENT: Says John Loughlin voted to let people accused of domestic violence keep their guns.
CONTENT: On ending the war in Iraq, Gov. Romney said that was a tragic mistake, we should have left 30,000 troops there.
Node: (1, 21)--------------------
CONTENT: Says of Donald Trump, He even said, on his very first day in office, he would require every school in America to let people carry guns into our classrooms.
CONTENT: On immigration, the president said 22 times, 22 times, that he couldnt do what he eventually did.
CONTENT: Says U.S. Senate candidate Tommy Thompson admitted that Washington, D.C., changed him into an insider selling his influence to make millions from powerful special interests.
CONTENT: Says the acting chief of the IRS said he and the majority of IRS employees would rather stay with his current health plan than switch to Obamacare.
CONTENT: The Republican leader of the Senate said his main goal after this election is simply to win the next one.
CONTENT: Opponent Glenn Hegar expressed pride in legislated cuts to public school funding.
CONTENT: President Barack Obama said at the beginning of the negotiations that the basic approach was to dismantle Irans nuclear program in exchange for dismantling the sanctions.
CONTENT: Says Donald Trump is the first person running for president, Republican or Democrat, who refused to say that he would respect the results of this election.
CONTENT: Says Donald Trump saidas recently as a few weeks ago in Phoenix that every undocumented person would be subject to deportation.
CONTENT: The senior senator from Arizona (John McCain) said he couldnt support repealing dont ask, dont tell because of the economy.
CONTENT: Jason Carter backed three of Nathan Deals budgets but accuses the governor of underfunding education.
CONTENT: Says Vladimir Putin once said, The breakup of the Soviet Union was the greatest geopolitical tragedy of the 20th century.
Node: (1, 22)--------------------
CONTENT: Here in California, Donald Trump has given $12,000 to Jerry Brown, Gavin Newsom and Kamala Harris.
CONTENT: As president, Barack Obama has never visited Israel.
CONTENT: The Fourth Amendment was what we fought the Revolution over. John Adams said it was the spark that led to our war for independence.
CONTENT: Says Sen. Rand Paul, R-Ky., has stated that supporting the right to health care ... means you believe in slavery.
CONTENT: Says Ronald Reagan repeatedly talked about how irresponsible it would be to allow the full faith and credit of the United States to be impaired in any kind of way.
CONTENT: Says Gov. Charlie Crist has called him "a rock star."
CONTENT: Says Ellen Rosenblum has said over and over again that this is a job where 80 percent of the job is being the governments lawyer.
CONTENT: Says Donald Trump was one of the people who rooted for the housing crisis. He said back in 2006, Gee, I hope it does collapse because then I can go in and buy some and make some money.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clinton once wanted a wall on the Mexican border.
CONTENT: Gov. Lawton Chiles said "if I were to become ... become speaker of the House it would be (his) worst nightmare."
CONTENT: Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid "said, quote, 'I can't stand John McCain.' "
Node: (1, 23)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Ron Johnson calls Social Security a Ponzi scheme and wants to privatize the program.
CONTENT: People think AIDS is done --its not done.
CONTENT: Says President Barack Obama appointed Eric Holder as attorney general. Eric Holder said he viewed his mission as brainwashing the American people against guns.
CONTENT: I've been standing up against ... the Chinese government over women's rights and standing up for human rights.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clinton wanted the wall.
CONTENT: Says Pope Francis took the name of a saint who basically reached out to Muslims.
CONTENT: Says Paul Ryan backs a proposal that would be a bailout of Puerto Rico.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clinton and millennials have the same positions on climate change, abortion rights, immigration reform, gay rights and college affordability. Donald Trump doesnt.
CONTENT: Mitt Romney gave away his fathers inheritance.
Node: (1, 24)--------------------
CONTENT: On military recruiters at Harvard, Elena Kagan "took a position and the Supreme Court ruled unanimously that she was wrong."
CONTENT: Joe Biden "voted against the first Gulf War. He opposed the surge. He wanted to partition Iraq."
CONTENT: Says President Obama has cracked down on employers who are attracting undocumented immigrants and hiring them more than any previous president.
CONTENT: Says Allen West helped thwart a terrorist plot by shooting a gun in the direction of an Iraqi detainee, then reported the incident to his superior and said it was wrong.
CONTENT: Our president has labeled Americans as soft.
CONTENT: Now, I also support the Bush tax cuts. Sen. McCain voted against them originally. He now believes they should be made permanent. I'm glad he agrees they should be made permanent.
CONTENT: Says he and Mitt Romney always said that we agree with the 2014 deadline for leaving Afghanistan.
CONTENT: I was never against same-sex marriage.
CONTENT: Says he and his running mate are the only candidates that do believe in free trade.
CONTENT: Says John Raese said he wants 1,000 laser systems put in the sky, and we need it right now.
CONTENT: I have always opposed drivers licenses for illegal aliens.
CONTENT: President Obama has broken his pledge to the American people to be transparent throughout (health care reform negotiations).
CONTENT: Says Romney and Ryan both backed proposals that would outlaw abortions even in cases of rape or incest.
Node: (1, 25)--------------------
CONTENT: Warren (Buffett) still does support me.
CONTENT: When Honduran children came into this country, Secretary Clinton said send them back.
CONTENT: Mercedes said high taxes and the cost of doing business in New Jersey worked to Georgias advantage in landing the companys USA corporate headquarters.
CONTENT: Whether in Illinois or Washington, Barack Obama has bridged partisanship to bring about significant reform.
CONTENT: SaysBernie Sanders has reversed his position on immunity for gun manufacturers and sellers.
CONTENT: President Obama said 22 times he could not authorize immigration reform by executive order.
CONTENT: Before taking executive action on immigration, President Obama stated 22 times that he does not have the authority to change immigration laws on his own.
CONTENT: As governor, Maggie Hassan first proposed a $1 billion spending increase.
Node: (1, 26)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Kelly Ayotte stands with the Washington gun lobby. They fund her campaigns.
CONTENT: Speaker Rubio supported gun restrictions that included background checks and waiting periods.
CONTENT: Roy Barnes proclaimed Mexican workers good for Georgia.
CONTENT: Huckabee supported a tuition break to the children of illegals that are here illegally when citizens are having to pay a higher rate.
CONTENT: Says Rick Santorum funded Planned Parenthood.
CONTENT: Knopp says he upheld a campaign promise not to join the Public Employees Retirement System (PERS).
CONTENT: Says PolitiFact has said he kept a campaign promise to toughen ethics rules.
CONTENT: Says Gov. Scott Walker cut aid to local schools despite campaigning on trying to restore two-thirds state funding for education
CONTENT: As governor, Mike Huckabee supported higher income taxes, sales taxes, gas taxes, grocery taxes, tobacco taxes, beer taxes, Internet taxes, nursing home bed taxes.
CONTENT: FDR was called a socialist and a communist.
CONTENT: Santorum also voted for a teapot museum in North Carolina.
CONTENT: Mike Huckabee "supported taxpayer-funded scholarships for illegal aliens."
CONTENT: Says Ann Kirkpatrick walked out on constituents when questioned on the Affordable Care Act.
CONTENT: Richard Hayne, president and CEO of Urban Outfitters (is) a supporter of Rick Santorum and donated over $13,000 to him.
CONTENT: Says David Jolly lobbied on a plan by Rep. Paul Ryan that would turn Medicare into a voucher program.
CONTENT: Says Mitch McConnell credits Republicans for recent economic improvements even though they took control of the Senate only days ago.
Node: (1, 27)--------------------
CONTENT: Wisconsins attorney general and state treasurer ordered the daughter of Earth Day founder Gaylord Nelson not to discuss climate change on state time.
CONTENT: Newt Gingrich was fined $300,000 for ethics violations.
CONTENT: Says Stefani Carter repeatedly used her campaign contributors donations to rent margarita machines for our state house office.
CONTENT: Toledo Mayor Mike Bell (once) lost his job as a firefighter because his city ran out of money.
CONTENT: Says Mike Huckabee appeared in diabetes infomercials to endorse cures and treatments that no health agency supports.
CONTENT: Says Rick Scott gave a deposition in which he invoked the Fifth Amendment 75 times about his dealings as head of Columbia/HCA hospital chain
CONTENT: Says Will Hurd cosponsored a bill that would militarize our border and allow 200 miles of new roads to be built in the Big Bend region -- cutting up our beloved park.
CONTENT: Greg Abbott defended more than $5 billion in public school funding cuts in fighting hundreds of school districts in court.
CONTENT: Says Craig Huey called Planned Parenthood a murder mill.
CONTENT: Says David Vitter answered a prostitutes call minutes after he skipped a vote honoring 28 soldiers who gave their lives in defense of our freedom.
CONTENT: Sarah Eckhardt refused to take her own pay increases repeatedly.
CONTENT: Jim Renacci tried to avoid paying taxes on nearly $14 million that he made.
CONTENT: Speakers at the Democratic National Convention made zero mentions of the global terrorist threat posed by ISIS.
CONTENT: Abraham Lincoln (once) jumped out of a window in the Illinois Legislature in order to deny a quorum.
CONTENT: Says an election clerk in Green Bay refused to allow early voting on the UW-Green Bay campus because she was afraid it would help Democrats, showing outrageous partisan bias.
CONTENT: Says Dontre Hamilton, who was killed during a confrontation with a Milwaukee police officer, was unarmed.
Node: (1, 28)--------------------
CONTENT: Says that while Foster was mayor, Rick Kriseman was ineffective in the Florida House of Representatives because there was no legislation that passed the House that had (Krisemans) name on it.
CONTENT: She (Kagan) took money from Goldman Sachs just like her boss, Obama.
CONTENT: He (Kirk) did violate Pentagon rules, twice actually, for improperly mingling politics with his military service.
CONTENT: Says Mitt Romney was director of a company that stole millions from Medicare.
CONTENT: Says Ken Cuccinelli tried to make it more difficult for mothers to obtain divorces.
CONTENT: Says state Rep. Jim Keffer, a GOP lieutenant to House Speaker Joe Straus, "did mail pieces for Democrat Mark Strama to help him defeat" a Republican.
CONTENT: While she was mayor, Lois Frankel took a police helicopter ride to go to a dinner party.
CONTENT: Ted Cruz tried to ban contraception five times.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clinton took money from kings of Saudi Arabia and Morocco and Oman and Yemen.
CONTENT: Gov. (Rick) Perry helped balance his budget with about $6 billion worth of federal help, which he happily took, and then started blaming the members of Congress who had offered that help.
CONTENT: Nathan Deal saved the HOPE scholarship program.
CONTENT: SaysDonald Trump called pregnant employees an inconvenience.
Node: (1, 29)--------------------
CONTENT: Says State Rep. Kristi Thibaut was an ACORN lobbyist.
CONTENT: Says Eric Cantor was the co-author of the House GOP principles on immigration reform. Both the New York Times and the Washington Postsaid that thatcaptured the essence of what was in the Senate immigration bill.
CONTENT: Says Newt Gingrichs contract was with the lobbyists at Freddie Mac.
CONTENT: Says Bruce Springsteen played in 1975 at Seton Hall University in South Orange at Walsh gym.
CONTENT: Says Donald Trump used undocumented labor to build the Trump Tower.
CONTENT: Mitt Romney supervised a company guilty of massive Medicare fraud.
CONTENT: As governor of Florida I defunded Planned Parenthood.
CONTENT: Says wrestling was a favorite sport of Abraham Lincoln.
CONTENT: Says Rick Scott spent $800,000 of your tax dollars upgrading the Governors Mansion.
CONTENT: Says former Sen. George Allen voted four times to raise his own pay.
CONTENT: Says his father-in-law, former Gov. Linwood Holton, integrated Virginia public schools.
CONTENT: Says David Rivera received a $5,000 campaign contribution from Congressman Spencer Bachus, who is currently under House Ethics investigation for insider trading.
CONTENT: Says David Perdue built his business career outsourcing American jobs.
CONTENT: Before Congress, (Tom) Cotton got paid handsomely working for insurance companies and corporate interests.
CONTENT: His biography says he was the top ROTC officer in the nation.
CONTENT: Julie Lassa willingly took a hefty pay raise at a time when people throughout her district and the state were losing their jobs.
CONTENT: Obama held one of the first meetings of his political career in Bill Ayers's home. And they've worked together on various projects in Chicago.
Node: (2, 0)--------------------
CONTENT: SaysGOP U.S. Senate candidate Darryl Glenn wants to eliminate the Department of Education and jeopardize college fundingfor 320,000 Coloradans.
CONTENT: Says he never supported federal health care individual mandate.
CONTENT: Rick Scott wants to take us back to the days of insurance companies denying coverage for pre-existing conditions.
CONTENT: Says Tom Nelson backed higher taxes on Social Security, costing Wisconsin seniors $95 million.
CONTENT: Says CIA Director George Tenet told the Bush administration that the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attack was coming. So they did have advanced notice.
CONTENT: When Disney was looking to build Disney World, they came to Miami and we told Disney to take a hike.
CONTENT: Obama did not open new lands to offshore drilling all of these areas were already open for drilling once Congress and President Bush lifted the moratorium in 2008. Instead, President Obama yesterday announced what areas he would CLOSE to offshore drilling.
Node: (2, 1)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Sidney Blumenthal wrote that the Benghazi attack was almost certainly preventable. Clinton was in charge of the State Department, and it failed to protect U.S. personnel and an American consulate in Libya.
CONTENT: In January, I outlined a plan to help revive our faltering economy, which formed the basis for a bipartisan stimulus package that passed the Congress.
CONTENT: Says Bernie Sanders fundamentally changed the lives of Immokalee farm workers in Florida for the better.
Node: (2, 2)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Jeb Bush happens to be where a majority of Republican voters areon giving legal status to illegal immigrants.
CONTENT: The RI Board of Elections has heard official testimony from Providence residents who claim to have witnessed known illegal aliens voting in local elections.
CONTENT: In 1916, the U.S. government predicted that by the 1940s all paper would come from hemp and that no more trees would need to be cut down.
CONTENT: Mike Madigan made a fortune on tax appeals Saving his friends millions... Its an inside game played by people like Merry Marwig, Madigans hand-picked candidate. When Marwig thought her property taxes were too high she got them lowered at your expense. Saved so much she did it again. Marwig and Madigan: Profiting from the same corrupt system.
CONTENT: Sherrod Brown has stood side by side with President Barack Obama, presiding over the most rapid increase in the debt over the last 2.5 years and hurtling toward the worst jobs record in the modern era.
CONTENT: Bill Gunter would drain millions from local public schools, and give our tax dollars to private, for-profit schools run by out-of-state corporations.
CONTENT: Sharron Angle wants to wipe out Social Security.
CONTENT: As district attorney, Susan Happ took $180,000 in a shady land deal from a man charged with multiple felony counts of sexual assault before she offered him a deferred prosecution.
Node: (2, 3)--------------------
CONTENT: Secretly, unbeknownst to members of Congress, over $105 billion was hidden in the Obamacare legislation.
Node: (2, 4)--------------------
CONTENT: The media wont publish a real photo of Trayvon Martin with tattoos on his face.
CONTENT: Obamas Environmental Protection Agency sent emails for Hispanic Heritage Month with a photo of Che Guevara.
Node: (2, 5)--------------------
CONTENT: Forty cents of every dollar being spent by the federal government is being borrowed from my children.
CONTENT: Says over 1 million signatures were submitted in attempt to recall Gov. Scott Walker.
Node: (2, 6)--------------------
CONTENT: The alternative to higher state worker pension and health care payments is to look at 1,500 layoffs of state employees or close to 200,000 children who would be bumped off Medicaid-related programs.
CONTENT: When you were casting your vote for Republicans, Brian Kemp was voting for Democrats.	message-machine,voting-record	doug-macginnitie	Sandy Springs City Councilman	Georgia	republican	1	1	0	0	0	a campaign commercial
789.json	true	I want to give every American a $5,000 refundable tax credit."
CONTENT: Says Republican state leaders are using "Soviet-style" budget management.
CONTENT: Says he is the reason we do not pay a toll every time we pass over the bridge at MoPac and William Cannon.
Node: (2, 7)--------------------
CONTENT: Says federal law enforcement officers cut off questioning of the Christmas Day underwear bomber by giving him a Miranda warning after 30 minutes of questioning.
CONTENT: Texas still owns all of its public lands. If the federal govt wants to create a park, they must ask permission!
CONTENT: Current projections indicate that Medicare will go bankrupt by 2017, while Social Security will bottom out by 2037.
Node: (2, 8)--------------------
CONTENT: The White House branded the memorial service for the Tucson shootings with a Together We Thrive logo and slogan.
CONTENT: The decision to remove Chick-fil-A from Emory University was based solely on student feedback.
CONTENT: McGinty previously told a local community newspaper in her native Philadelphia that she has found an alarming undercurrent of misinformed people in the T part of the state outside of Philadelphia and Pittsburgh.
CONTENT: The Democratic leader in the Senate, Harry Reid, has blocked any vote on the Keystone pipeline for years.
CONTENT: Here's a man who brags about how he made the city safe. It was the Biden crime bill that became the Clinton crime bill that allowed him to do that.
CONTENT: Says $30 million gap in stadium funding forced the Portland Beavers to leave.
Node: (2, 9)--------------------
CONTENT: Says he was known as Veto Corleone for cutting spending as Florida governor.
CONTENT: Says Cory Gardner championed an eight-year crusade to outlaw birth control here in Colorado.
CONTENT: The CIA paid two psychologists $81 million to develop and run their torture program.
CONTENT: AIG executives ... (took) a junket for over $400,000. Twice.
CONTENT: Says he tore down hundreds of abandoned homes that served as havens for crime and reduce(d) the value of our neighborhoods.
Node: (2, 10)--------------------
CONTENT: The New York Times had to retract its story that Hillary Clintons email handling had broken certain laws.
CONTENT: Says Lincoln Chafee settled a union strike by giving the teachers a 19-percent-raise.
CONTENT: Barack Obama issued a decree demanding that every public school now allow grown men and boys into the little girls bathroom.
Node: (2, 11)--------------------
CONTENT: The Republican-controlled Wisconsin Senate approved a bill denying veterans the right to recover their medical costs for cancers they developed while serving their country.
CONTENT: President Barack Obama and Secretary of State John Kerry agreed to lift Irans economic and arms sanctions without any proof of change in conduct.
CONTENT: The GOP health care plan "would allow health insurance companies to continue engaging in unfair and discriminatory practices like denying coverage to people because of a pre-existing medical condition."
CONTENT: The Navy is bringing charges against a Navy officer who shot at the Chattanooga shooter for illegally discharging a firearm on federal property.
Node: (2, 12)--------------------
CONTENT: Tim Kaine broke a campaign promise not to raise taxes.
CONTENT: Says Donald Trumps position isto roll back all of the financial regulations passed after the financial crisis.
CONTENT: White House spokesman Robert Gibbs lied when he said President Obamas birth certificate is posted on the Internet.
Node: (2, 13)--------------------
CONTENT: Federal officials declared that grant funds could be used only for Milwaukees streetcar project, meaning it isnt possible to redirect the money to other modes of public transportation or to our public schools.
CONTENT: Gov. Rick Perry broke his promise that he would not accept a $40,000 pay increase.
CONTENT: Wrote that in 2006, Nancy Pelosi said she didnt think capturing Osama bin Laden makes us any safer, but in 2011 called his killing historic.
CONTENT: The Congressional Budget Office, a nonpartisan office, did an analysis and said that passing comprehensive immigration reform will reduce the federal deficit by $200 billion over the next decade.
CONTENT: Says President Barack Obama revealed in his State of the Union address that he now is against earmarks.
CONTENT: When he was asked a few years ago whether he could see himself lifting the cap on the payroll tax, (McCain) said, 'I could.' But today he's attacking me for holding the very same position.
CONTENT: Says Marco Rubio voted against the bipartisan Violence Against Women Act.
CONTENT: Says, Carl proposed a windfall tax on real estate development when he was a Metro Councilor.
CONTENT: More than two months ago President Barack Obama signed a bill for more than $1 billion in Zika funding, but the federal government has still only committed $7 million to help Florida.
CONTENT: Says Rep. Ken Legler voted against installing fire sprinklers and emergency power generators in nursing homes.
CONTENT: The Supreme Court said the individual mandate is a tax. So its a tax.
CONTENT: Says Milwaukee County Executive Chris Abele once proposed a plan to end county funding to homeless shelters.
Node: (2, 14)--------------------
CONTENT: Says he was the only Republican candidate at a prior debate who said lower-income workers were being hurt by the economy.
CONTENT: In 2001, former Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan "justified increasing spending and cutting taxes, saying that we didn't really need to pay down the debt."
CONTENT: Says Scott Walker said he wouldnt touch the state civil service system but now supports overhauling it.
CONTENT: Says U.S. Senate candidate Tommy Thompson says hell do away with Medicare.
CONTENT: During his first year, President Obama said he was going to visit Kim Jong-ll and Ahmadinejad and Assad and Chavez the worst actors in the world.
CONTENT: Says Barack Obama said when he was running for office four years ago that he would halve the annual deficit by the end of his first term. That simply has not happened.
CONTENT: Says Will Rasmussen supported a sales tax as recently as last spring.
Node: (2, 15)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clinton said the Veterans Affairs scandal is over-exaggerated. She said she was satisfied with what was going on.
CONTENT: Says Mitt Romney is wrong to claim that spending under Obama has accelerated at a pace without precedent in recent history, because its actually risen slower than at any time in nearly 60 years.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clinton lied about why her parents named her Hillary.
CONTENT: Al Franken said almost exactly what Trump said about John McCains military record.
CONTENT: Says Obama replaced the American flag on the tail of his plane with his campaign logo.
CONTENT: I have always said that I would be for drilling.
CONTENT: Governor Christie, his idea of jumpstarting the economy is to propose a trickle-down income tax cut last year and in his budget address this year, he stated his support for it again.
CONTENT: Says that Mitt Romneys response to the crisis in the auto industry was, Let Detroit go bankrupt.
CONTENT: Says that in 2009, Jon Huntsman said that the Recovery Act wasnt large enough and as governor he asked for $14.4 billion in federal stimulus funds. Now hes saying that he never supported it.
CONTENT: Says Donald Trump says climate change is a hoax invented by the Chinese.
Node: (2, 16)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Warren Buffett has publicly said his secretary should not be paying a higher tax rate than him.
CONTENT: Senator Obama's relatives and friends say he has been talking about running for president for at least the last 15 years, a campaign spokesman said.
CONTENT: Says Donald Trump said at the Republican convention, I alone can fix it.
CONTENT: Hillary Clinton said, with a straight face, that the terrorist attacks this weekend were caused by Donald J. Trump
CONTENT: Regarding the USA Freedom Act, There is nothing we are allowed to do under this bill that we could not do before.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clinton doesnt believe in your right to keep a gun at home for self-defense.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clinton said she was under attack (in Bosnia) but the attack turned out to be young girls handing her flowers.
CONTENT: Governor Carcieri has not been campaigning with me.
Node: (2, 17)--------------------
CONTENT: You ... said that Barack Obama was not ready to be commander in chief.
CONTENT: McCain sought the political support of minister John Hagee, "who believes Hurricane Katrina was God's punishment for gay rights and called the Catholic Church 'the Antichrist' and a 'false cult.'"
CONTENT: Says when Bernie Sanders was in college, Sanders said something very similar to what conservative Wisconsin Supreme Court Justice Rebecca Bradley had written as a college student in the 1990s -- that women have a legitimate role in date rape.
CONTENT: McCain "said the other day that he would not meet potentially with the prime minister of Spain, because he . . . wasn't sure whether they were aligned with us."
CONTENT: Says Rick Perry told students he couldnt attend a gubernatorial forum due to scheduling conflicts, then on forum day tweeted that hed just been running with his dog.
CONTENT: McCollum admitted he didn't think that the subprime mortgage crisis was a big deal, telling reporters he thought that the subprime collapse had been exaggerated by the media and investors and that 'it's not the end of the world.' 
CONTENT: Bill McCollum explained his lack of action on mortgage fraud by saying, "You can't do everything."
CONTENT: Obama unilaterally announced he was delaying employer mandate through a blog post by a mid-level bureaucrat at the Department of Treasury.
CONTENT: Marco Rubio made it clear: Not only does he think Donald Trump is a con man, hewent on to say he doesnt trust Donald Trump with the nuclear codes.
CONTENT: She [Hillary Clinton] has also said unequivocally that she didnt receive classified documents.
CONTENT: 22 times Barack Obama said he did not have the authority to implement this type of anti-deportation measure. And then the day after he signed this into law, he said, quote, I just changed the law.
CONTENT: Says Obama broke his promise to help homeowners facing foreclosure.
CONTENT: Says Donald Trump was asked if he would defend our allies. He said well, first hed want to know if they made any payments to us to defend them.
CONTENT: When President Barack Obama said ISIS, or ISIL, was contained, he was responding very specifically to the geographic expansion of ISIL in Iraq and Syria.
Node: (2, 18)--------------------
CONTENT: Pat Toomey advocated for eliminating all corporate taxes.
CONTENT: Says Romney flip-flopped on abortion.
CONTENT: Says U.S. Senate rival Eric Hovde refused to pay his property taxes until he was taken to court.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clinton called Barack Obama naive for saying he was would sit down and talk to the Iranians during the 2008 Democratic primary.
CONTENT: Says U.S. Senate rival Tommy Thompson said he wants to do away with Medicare.
CONTENT: Chris Koster opposed protecting the women of Missouri because he was one of only four senators to vote against a bill ending the practice of making rape victims pay for their own rape kits.
CONTENT: Says Chuck Hagel opposed sanctions against Iran.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clinton supported North American Free Trade Agreement), and she supported Chinas entrance into the World Trade Organization. She supported the job-killing trade deal with South Korea. She supported the Trans-Pacific Partnership.
CONTENT: Says Mitt Romney flip-flopped on abortion.
CONTENT: Says Will Rasmussen falsely claimed he had lived in the West Linn district for about a year.
CONTENT: Says Mitt Romney flip-flopped on abortion.
CONTENT: Says Ronald Reagan talked about converting the United States to the metric system.
CONTENT: Then-Sen. Barack Obama refused to raise the debt ceiling because he said President Bush had failed in leadership.
CONTENT: A lawyer demanded several Houston pastors hand over to the city government many of their private papers, including their sermons.
Node: (2, 19)--------------------
CONTENT: John McCain "opposed legislation to fund levees and flood control programs, which he considers pork."
CONTENT: Says he banned texting while driving in Austin.
CONTENT: Says that as Wisconsin governor, we ended welfare.
CONTENT: Says Sam Houston opposed slavery and as governor said Texas should not leave the union over slavery.
CONTENT: Jason Carter actually opposed more funding for education in the Senate.
CONTENT: John McCain voted against funding the troops because of . . . a timeline in it to draw down American troops.
CONTENT: As speaker, Gingrich even supported taxpayer funding of some abortions.
CONTENT: Says Joe Garcia voted to raise our utility rates.
CONTENT: Says he vetoed $250,000 from the budget for a program to learn how to catch rainwater.
CONTENT: He "stood up to Barack Obama by passing legislation that prevents you from being forced to join government health plans or buy health insurance against your will."
CONTENT: President Obama campaigned on a promise to put reproductive health care at the center of his reform plan.
CONTENT: He won't even support his colleague's ... motion to censure the Bush administration for systemic repeated illegal wiretaps.
CONTENT: Says U.S. Senate candidate Joni Ernst signed a pledge that protects tax breaks for companies that ship jobs overseas.
CONTENT: In 2008, candidate Barack Obama attacked John McCain for proposing cuts to Medicare.
CONTENT: Richard Burr voted to protect tax breaks for companies that ship jobs overseas but voted against a tax break to help working people.
CONTENT: Ten years ago, John McCain offered a bill that said he would ban a candidate from paying registered lobbyists.
CONTENT: Says Charlie Crist was pro-life, pro-gun and vehemently anti-tax.
CONTENT: This guy didn't even support Ronald Reagan.
Node: (2, 20)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Chris Christie vetoed a jobs package of 30 bills.
CONTENT: Romney refused to pardon "a decorated soldier" returning from Iraq who had been charged with a crime involving a BB gun when he was 13.
CONTENT: McCain lobbied for (a) $10-million pork project honoring conservative justice.
CONTENT: Says Ron Johnson opposes entirely a federal minimum wage, except perhaps for guest workers.
Node: (2, 21)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Donald Trump cashed in on Sept. 11,collecting $150,000 in federal funds intended to help small businesses recover even though days after the attack Trump said his properties were not affected.
CONTENT: Says Newt Gingrich made an affirmative statement that he would not only support but he would campaign for Republicans who were in support of the barbaric procedure known as partial-birth abortion.
CONTENT: Speaker Gingrich for 20 years supported a federal individual mandate for health insurance.
CONTENT: Says Marco Rubio went on Univision, and in Spanish he promised that he would not on the first day in office rescind President Obamas illegal executive action.
CONTENT: Says Rep. Steve Stockman basically wants gun-filled zones in schools.
CONTENT: Says President Franklin Delano Roosevelt felt there wasnt a need in the public sector to have collective bargaining because the government is the people.
CONTENT: Incoming House Speaker Dean Cannon and incoming Senate President Mike Haridopolos have said they plan to champion efforts next legislative session to allow oil rigs off Florida's coast.
CONTENT: Ron Johnson said specifically that he hopes the first steps occur to privatize the Veterans Administration.
CONTENT: Economic Development Commission Executive Director Keith Stokes sent me a letter and he said the taxpayers will never be on the hook for these bonds for 38 Studios.
CONTENT: Says that as a gubernatorial candidate, Chris Christie promised no school cuts.
CONTENT: Says that when President Obama visited El Paso, he pronounced that the border with Mexico and the United States was safer than it ever was in history.
CONTENT: Says Rick Perry wrote a newspaper item saying he was open to amnesty for illegal immigrants in the United States.
Node: (2, 22)--------------------
CONTENT: President Barack Obama's "initial response when we heard about the Christmas underwear bomber" was to say that "this was the act of an isolated extremist."
CONTENT: (Obamas) entire national security team, including his secretary of state, said we want to arm and train and equip (Syrian rebel forces), and he made the unilateral decision to turn them down.
CONTENT: (McCain) says "we can't have ... timelines to draw down our troops from Iraq."
CONTENT: Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed held not one conversation with the public about the new Falcons stadium project
CONTENT: Sen. Obama "made the very argument he is now criticizing back in November 2006."
CONTENT: Says Jeb Bush doesnt believe in a path to citizenship. If he did at one time, he no longer does.
CONTENT: McCain used to buck his party on immigration by fighting for comprehensive reform. . . . But when he was running for his party's nomination, he . . . said that he wouldn't even support his own legislation if it came up for a vote.
CONTENT: Says he never called teachers thugs and has said nothing but great things about them during the fight over his curbs on unions
CONTENT: Says Scott Walker gave $6 million in tax breaks to a corporation and told them that they can keep that money even if they lay off half their workforce.
CONTENT: Says Tim Pawlenty said in 2006, The era of small government is over... the government has to be more proactive and more aggressive.
CONTENT: Says Jim Renacci ran against the Washington establishment in the election, but is now hypocritically embracing it with big money, special interest fundraisers.
CONTENT: Says Barack Obama didnt keep his promise to have an immigration bill in his first year.
CONTENT: Gov. Crist has never wavered in his support of the Second Amendment, the right to bear arms.
Node: (2, 23)--------------------
CONTENT: Said he's the only Republican candidate "who's actually turned around a government economy."
CONTENT: The insurance commissioner cant do squat about health care.
CONTENT: Says Secretary of State John Kerry, when he was a senator, flew to Managua and met with a communist dictator there, Daniel Ortega, and accused the Reagan administration of engaging in terrorism.
CONTENT: Says Katie McGintyactually agrees with Hillary Clinton and the most liberal wing of the Democrats on everything.
CONTENT: When it comes to classified information at the State Department, Hillary Clintons the decider.
CONTENT: Teddy Roosevelt first called for (health care) reform nearly a century ago.
CONTENT: Says President Obama has never made a statement ... that he wanted a residual force left (in Iraq).
CONTENT: Says Russ Feingold broke his 1992 promise to always get the majority of funding from Wisconsin residents.
CONTENT: Daniel Webster said he's out. Now he says he's in.
CONTENT: Our countrys got this huge debt, and (President Barack) Obama says raise taxes and keep spending more.
CONTENT: Says Mitt Romney and George Allen would overturn Roe v. Wade and allow states to end safe, legal abortion even in cases of rape, incest or when a womans life is at risk.
CONTENT: Gov. Palin ... is somebody who actually doesn't believe that climate change is man-made.
CONTENT: Says Arizona congressional candidate Christine Jones called Hillary Clinton a capable and respected leader, and an effective secretary of state. ...Hillary Clinton effective? Christine Jones thinks so.
CONTENT: Said the Washington Post argued that a failure to pass the START treaty this year would be no calamity, and that the Associated Press saidthe administration concedes the security risk is not immediate.
CONTENT: Obama spokesman Bill Burton says Clinton gave Bush "a blank check on a critical foreign policy issue."
CONTENT: Josh Mandel used to be pro-choice, now hes anti-choice. He used to be sympathetic towards gay and lesbians and now hes [not].
CONTENT: Obama's first call (as president) to any head of state was to Mahmoud Abbas, leader of Fatah party in the Palestinian territory.
CONTENT: Says I dont agree with Mr. Hales that we should give a sweeping break to the developers to allow them to build that infill housing without paying for those very basics.
CONTENT: John McCain "voted against the tax cuts of 2001 and 2003, wrongly claiming they helped only the rich."
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clinton was completely exonerated, when I was in the White House by an officialinquiryon Whitewater.
Node: (2, 24)--------------------
CONTENT: Hillary Clinton agrees with John McCain "by voting to give George Bush the benefit of the doubt on Iran."
CONTENT: Says opponent Kathie Tovo believes that Austin invests too much in the cops, firefighters and paramedics that protect our families and neighborhoods.
CONTENT: John McCain's top foreign policy adviser lobbied for... the Republic of Georgia, and McCain has mirrored the position advocated by the government.
CONTENT: President Obamas recent plan to cut $100 million of waste within his administration wont actually save money because hes going to spend it elsewhere.
CONTENT: Sotomayor thinks "that ones sex, race and ethnicity ought to affect the decisions one renders from the bench."
CONTENT: It was President Obama's "inaction that caused over three weeks to go by before he even approved the governor's plan to protect our marsh."
CONTENT: Donald Trump rooted for the housing crisis, because he knew he could make money off of it.
CONTENT: As a state senator, he (Obama) even refused to support a measure to stop sex businesses from opening near schools or places of worship!
CONTENT: David Perdue did not support the 2014 farm bill that U.S. Sens. Isakson and Chambliss did.
CONTENT: Says Bill Clinton and George Bush both say build the Keystone XL.
CONTENT: The border security plan of Sens. McCain and Kyl called for 3,000 additional troops to keep us safe. President Obama says hell send 524.
CONTENT: I was speaking out on pension reform almost 17 years ago.
CONTENT: Says Republicans Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan support massive cuts in Social Security for future generations.
CONTENT: Says U.S. Senate candidate Adam Hasner cited his efforts to weaken pro-life and school choice legislation as unequivocal proof that hes a moderate.
CONTENT: Says Republicans have declared that theyre going to convert the Medicare program into a voucher program.
CONTENT: Joe Biden is the only candidate with a plan to get us out of Iraq and keep us out.
CONTENT: Hillary Clinton "agreed with (John McCain) on voting for the war in Iraq."
CONTENT: Hillary Clinton "actually differed with (John McCain) by arguing for exceptions for torture before changing positions."
Node: (2, 25)--------------------
CONTENT: I belong to the AFL-CIO.
CONTENT: Says Illinois gubernatorial candidate Bill Bradys first priority after winning the primary was to sponsor a bill that would mass-euthanize sheltered dogs and cats in gas chambers.
CONTENT: Chris Christie has not increased the taxes on anyone.
CONTENT: John Mica voted to borrow $10 trillion.
CONTENT: As governor, I've stood up to ... the big oil companies.
CONTENT: For Social Security, which is projected to remain solvent through 2033, Whitehouse has cosponsored [a bill that] . . . would extend the life of the program by an additional 75 years.
CONTENT: John McCain said...in December he was surprised there was a subprime mortgage problem.
CONTENT: Says Chris Koster opposes right-to-work efforts because he has taken $8 million from union bosses.
CONTENT: Says he "fought against $3 billion in cuts to public education since 2003."
CONTENT: When President Obama was running for re-election Senator Sanders was trying to find someone to primary him.
CONTENT: The balanced-budget amendment once came within one vote of passing Congress but was defeated because of the no vote from a top Senate Republican, and Rick Santorum says he stood up and called for him to resign his chairmanship.
CONTENT: Says Mark Zandi, who wrote a report criticizing Donald Trumps economic proposals, is one of Sen. John McCains former economic advisers.
CONTENT: Donald Trump has described Hillary Clinton as one of the best secretaries of state in history.
CONTENT: Says as secretary of state she was reserving judgment about the Trans-Pacific Partnership and hoped it would be the gold standard.
CONTENT: As secretary of state, (Hillary Clinton) worked hard to get strong sanctions against Irans nuclear program and got Russia and China to support them.
CONTENT: Says Rick Scott is letting Duke (Energy) keep collecting billions despite troubled power plants.
Node: (2, 26)--------------------
CONTENT: At Bain Capital, we helped start an early childhood learning company called Bright Horizons that First Lady Michelle Obama rightly praised.
CONTENT: Mike Huckabee raised taxes on dog groomers!
CONTENT: Says that Rick Santorum voted for the unions over FedEx.
CONTENT: This governor has cut funding repeatedly for people who have AIDS, who need drugs to save their life.
CONTENT: Tommy Thompson is the father of welfare reform, creating the groundbreaking Wisconsin Works program in Wisconsin that became the model for national and international reforms.
CONTENT: Says he lived up to a 2008 promise when he closed corporate tax loopholes that were sending profits overseas.
CONTENT: Says Barack Obama is trying to slash funding for the Armed Pilots Program designed to prevent terror attacks.
CONTENT: Says hewas one of the chief architects of balancing the federalbudget.
CONTENT: In New Jersey, Gov. Christie vetoed legislation to extend early voting.
CONTENT: The Obama administration called Bashar Assad a reformer when he was turning his Russian-provided guns on his own people.
CONTENT: Mayor Giuliani made New York City what's known as a 'sanctuary city,' where illegal aliens were allowed to come. And he instructed the leaders of the city not to enforce the law, not to enforce immigration law.
CONTENT: SaysBernie Sanders voted for what we call the Charleston Loophole.
CONTENT: U.S. Rep. Jim Marshall (D-Ga.) refuses to return $37,000 in dirty campaign contributions from U.S. Rep. Charles Rangel (D-N.Y.)
CONTENT: Mike Trainor...still owes $250,000 to the state.
Node: (2, 27)--------------------
CONTENT: Says a federal judge sanctions Tennessee birther lawyer for bringing a frivolous lawsuit.
CONTENT: Says Rick Perry provided in-state tuition... for illegal immigrants.
CONTENT: This week liberal Bill White faced an ethics complaint about more than $83,000 he failed to report to the state Ethics Commission.
CONTENT: In Congress, (Cresent Hardy) voted to defund DACA.
CONTENT: Congressman Phil Roe hands out $1.3M government check from a federal program that he voted against.
CONTENT: Says he has repeatedly praised Chuck Hagels character, patriotism, bravery, and personal service defending our nation.
CONTENT: Says that Republicans bragged about how every bill was going to be paid for, right from the beginning and that the first vote, the repeal of health care reform, violated that rule.
CONTENT: Traditionally, presidential candidates release their tax returns . . . Mitt Romney still wont.
CONTENT: Says Jon Corzine gave away 14 percent raises over 4 years and he stood on the front steps of the Capitol at a public-sector union rally and said, I will fight to get you a great contract.
CONTENT: Big Oil gave Scott Brown $454,260.
CONTENT: Says New Jersey Devils managing partner Jeff Vanderbeek froze all those monies during the toughest years in 08-09 and refused to give the charitable dollars that he was required to give by the contract.
CONTENT: Dan Patrick was the only state senator who voted against the Veteran Entrepreneurship Program, a program that assists veterans in successfully starting up their own businesses.
CONTENT: Rob Portman has taken more than $125,000 from Big Oil.
CONTENT: George Allen voted to add $3 trillion to the federal debt, voted to raise the debt ceiling four times and voted for the No Child Left Behind Act while he was a senator.
CONTENT: Weeks after accepting a quarter-million-dollar campaign contribution from a hospital board chairman, Greg Abbott went to court against victims of a drug-taking neurosurgeon.
CONTENT: The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit compared the health care law to buying a pepperoni and ham pizza from Dominos or Pizza Hut.
CONTENT: The Orlando shooter used a weapon of war.
CONTENT: Dan Webster would force victims of rape and incest to bear their attackers child.
CONTENT: Says Steve Spinnett has court judgments against him for trespass and harassment.
CONTENT: Says David Jollys former firm lobbied for hundreds of millions (of dollars) for a dictator in Pakistan.
CONTENT: If you go back to 1999, Wayne LaPierre testified on behalf of the NRA that background checks were appropriate and should be done.
Node: (2, 28)--------------------
CONTENT: Rick Scott took $200,000 from a family that leased land for drilling and now he is trying to hide from it.
CONTENT: Dan Patrick got caught not paying his taxes and pocketed his employees payroll taxes.
CONTENT: Says hes signed a pledge not to raise taxes four times.
CONTENT: Says Danny Tarkanian is NRA FRated.
CONTENT: Darryl Hicks had seven ethics violations and didnt pay most of the fines.
CONTENT: I was filibustered.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clinton completely ignored dozens and dozens of requests for more security for the Benghazi consulate.
CONTENT: Says Texas did not bail out a loan program he oversaw as state agriculture commissioner.
CONTENT: Said state insurance commissioner candidate Ralph Hudgens fights hard to strip women of life-saving coverage such as mammograms.
CONTENT: Lois Frankel spent over $13,000 in taxpayer money on a marble shower in a private bathroom with her own toilet.
CONTENT: Maggie Hassan missed nearly every university system board meeting.
CONTENT: There have been multiple media reports about (Donald Trumps) business dealings with the mob, with the mafia.
CONTENT: Bill Lynch told three lies in ten seconds
CONTENT: Says Patrick Murphy embellished, according to reports, his University of Miami academic achievement.
CONTENT: Says Sen. Rob Portman says Ted Strickland earned $400,000 a year as a lobbyist after leaving Ohio for Washington.
CONTENT: Says Charlie Crist rode on a jet that belongs to a serial polluter with a history of environmental violations fined nearly $2 million for polluting water.
CONTENT: The Christian Coalition gave (Adam) Hasner an F.
CONTENT: Mark Kirks claim of national security expertise is based on his military record which he lied about at least 10 times.
CONTENT: (Pete) Sessions has held at least two fundraisers at adult-themed clubs and made no apologies.
CONTENT: Says Scott Browns carrying some big oil baggage because he collected over $400,000 in campaign contributions.
Node: (2, 29)--------------------
CONTENT: Tom Reed has actually voted for every single trade deal that has ever come before him in any form.
CONTENT: Says state Supreme Court candidate Joe Donald twice supported incumbent Justice Rebecca Bradley.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clintons campaign hasnt been clear about when she wiped herserverof her work emails.
CONTENT: I was one of about a dozen (senators) who voted against the Bridge to Nowhere.
CONTENT: Says Barack Obama has played over 90 rounds of golf as president.
CONTENT: After J.D. Hayworth "was voted out of Congress, he became a registered lobbyist" who was "paid thousands by a Florida corporation to lobby the very committee he used to serve on."
CONTENT: Says he earned the highest possible credit ratings as state treasurer.
CONTENT: Says Time magazine called him "one of America's best governors."
CONTENT: Sue Lowden gave Harry Reid's campaigns a thousand dollars in five different elections, helping his Senate dreams come true.
CONTENT: Amiddle-class family donates $1 to charity, they get 15 cents off their income tax. Bill Gates donates $1 to charity, he takes 35 cents off his income tax.
CONTENT: Says he has seen Border Patrol signs near the Mexico border in English, Spanish and Chinese.
CONTENT: At his fathers bank, Alexi made tens of millions in risky loans to convicted mobsters. Then, the bank collapsed.
CONTENT: We do know that Romney personally approved over $70 million in fictional losses to the IRS as part of the notorious Son of Boss tax scandal, one of the largest tax avoidance schemes in history.
CONTENT: Says Patrick Murphy hasnt passed a single bill out of committee.
CONTENT: Says Peyton Manning struggles in cold weather games.
CONTENT: The Republican from Georgia [U.S. Rep. Jack Kingston], he hasnt even been to a NASCAR race.
CONTENT: Says U.S. Rep. Patrick Murphy has sided with the GOP on key votes twice as often as he sided with Democrats.
CONTENT: The Seattle Times called Patty Murray a prolific sponsor of earmarks. Patty even defended the Bridge to Nowhere.
CONTENT: As a Congressman, J.D. Hayworth was an avid earmarker who supported such pork as $220,000 to renovate a Maine Blueberry farm and $5.8 million for a Vermont snowmobile trail.
CONTENT: President Obamas uncle and aunt are illegal aliens ... whove been allowed to stay in this country.
CONTENT: Wild Bill Hickok had his first duel in the town square here. And the family legend is that he is a distant cousin of mine.
CONTENT: My opponent here has accepted money from Freddie Mac, Fannie Mae (and) hosted subprime mortgage seminars.
CONTENT: Says he never donates to Democrats while Paul Workman contributes to Democrat Kirk Watson and other Democrats running against Republicans.
CONTENT: Says Rick Scott pled the Fifth 75 times to avoid jail for Medicare fraud.
Node: (3, 0)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Thomas Eric Duncan came into the United States with an elevated temperature.
CONTENT: Terry McAuliffe wants to raise your taxes $1,700 to pay for his infinite promises.
CONTENT: Nobody has played clips over and over ...of President Obama (saying), If they bring a knife to the fight, well bring a gun.
CONTENT: The Boston Marathon bombing is the fifth case in which U.S. government officials examined individuals potentially involved in terrorism and felt they were no threat and they went on to carry out terrorist murders.
CONTENT: Says Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker doesnt make his calendar public -- hes on our dime and we dont know where he is.
CONTENT: Says the Texas Forest Service planted 6,000 trees in the Dallas/Fort Worth area before the Super Bowl for unknown reasons at an unknown cost.
CONTENT: Thomas Paine wrote that the duty of a patriot is to protect his country from his government.
CONTENT: A man using bath salts reported that raccoons had set fire inside his home and stolen his cell phone.
CONTENT: Louie Gohmert of Texas blamed the mass shooting at a movie theater in Colorado on the ongoing attacks on Judeo-Christian beliefs.
CONTENT: The Providence Economic Development Partnership . . .which you [Cicilline] chaired, loaned $103,000 in taxpayer funds to one of your campaign workers. The worker never paid back the loan.
CONTENT: America never made up for the gutting of the intelligence services that Bill Clinton did. I think those are (former CIA director George) Tenet's words ... that Bill Clinton gutted American intelligence.
CONTENT: Dave Aronberg was the first to demand that BP create a billion-dollar fund to pay for the devastation.
Node: (3, 1)--------------------
CONTENT: The proudest accomplishment (of my tenure) was leaving the state with a $1.2 billion surplus, which was the largest wed ever had, and getting spending under control and a balanced budget.
Node: (3, 2)--------------------
CONTENT: The No. 1 issue that the American people care about is getting America back to work.
CONTENT: Since Mayor Kennedy OBrien took office Sayreville has issued 22,081 building permits! Now OBrien is holding secret meetings with big developers.
CONTENT: Under David Dewhursts leadership, the Texas Senate passed an expansion of in-state tuition and free health care to illegal immigrants.
Node: (3, 3)--------------------
CONTENT: Virginias banning of felons from voting is a Jim Crow-era law.
CONTENT: A Republican-sponsored Wisconsin mining bill will take at least seven years to create jobs.
Node: (3, 4)--------------------
CONTENT: According to 2009 estimates, an agreement with Panama could result in almost 1,900 Florida jobs in thefirst year and about 15,000 jobs afterfive years.
CONTENT: By the end of 2015, more than 1,300 people will have died on Georgia roads. One of out evey four fatalities resulted from drunken driving.
Node: (3, 5)--------------------
CONTENT: The government is going to have the right to get into your bank account with the health care bill and make transfers without you knowing it.
CONTENT: In my years in the State Legislature, I have never voted for a tax increase.
CONTENT: Says we could have saved ourselves the cost of building the Powell Butte water reservoir.
CONTENT: Volunteer firefighters and communities they serve in Georgia and elsewhere are being devastated by Obamacare.
CONTENT: Theres still about $400 billion or $500 billion of the stimulus plan that has not been spent. Why dont we stop it.
CONTENT: 95 percent of job creators say Wisconsin is headed in the right direction.
Node: (3, 6)--------------------
CONTENT: Says restoring Georgia pre-k to a 180-day program was a real result of his leadership.
CONTENT: The IRS doesnt have to prove something against you ... youve got the burden of proof.
CONTENT: Says that even if you have no children, under Obamacare, you would still have to carry insurance that covers pediatric, maternity and newborn care even though you do not need it.
Node: (3, 7)--------------------
CONTENT: Medicare passed with virtually no Republican support.
CONTENT: Today, we have two Vietnams, side by side, North and South, exchanging and working.
CONTENT: Ben Carson is running for president to eliminate dependency on government. But he doesnt mention that he grew up in public schools, got public housing and food stamps, got free glasses from a government program, was helped by Affirmative Action, and got Pell Grants for college.
CONTENT: Oregons Umpqua Community College where the shooting occurred was a gun-free zone.
CONTENT: If the U.S. didnt borrow $1.2 trillion every year to fund government operations, that money would be available for entrepreneurs and business people to put to work creating jobs and building and expanding their businesses.
CONTENT: In Tripoli, jihadists today swim in our embassy pool.
Node: (3, 8)--------------------
CONTENT: John Oxendine is under a state ethics investigation because he illegally funneled more than $120,000 to his campaign from shady insurance political action committees in Alabama.
CONTENT: Greg Abbott has campaigned with a sexual predator who has bragged about having sex with underage girls.
CONTENT: As the CEO of HP, Carly Fiorina laid off 30,000 workers.
Node: (3, 9)--------------------
CONTENT: Says his executive order requiring young girls to be vaccinated against HPV wasnt mandatory.
CONTENT: While I was working on those streets watching those folks see their jobs shift overseas, you were a corporate lawyer sitting on the board at Wal-Mart.
CONTENT: Joe Straus is the first Jewish speaker of the Texas House.
Node: (3, 10)--------------------
CONTENT: Fidel (Castro) has made his preferences known in the campaign and had some very unkind things to say about me.
CONTENT: The Florida Legislature has not filed a lawsuit to fight Amendments 5 and 6.
CONTENT: The Milwaukee County Board approved a reform package by a 15-3 vote, meaning Board Supervisors salaries will be cut by 20 percent and the Boards budget will be cut by 50 percent.
CONTENT: Sen. Jim Webb persists on negating Sen. Mark Warners votes
CONTENT: When we passed (the stand your ground law), we said it portends horrific events when peoples lives were put into these situations.
CONTENT: Says Donald Trump games the U.S. visa system so he can hire temporary foreign workers at low wages.
Node: (3, 11)--------------------
CONTENT: Says the U.S. Supreme Court found that Social Security is not guaranteed.
CONTENT: Says U.S. Senate rival Tommy Thompson ran Medicare into the ground and nine years closer to bankruptcy.
CONTENT: Says Texas retained the right to have a navy when it joined the United States.
CONTENT: Says Tommy Thompson pushed such strict laws that abortion providers faced potential life imprisonment and women were forced to cross state lines in order to receive attention for life-threatening issues.
CONTENT: Donald Trumps education plan to dramatically slash funding for public education would fire 49,000 Texas teachers.
CONTENT: Says Rep. Bruce Braley, D-Iowa, skipped an important VA reform hearing to attend three fundraisers.
Node: (3, 12)--------------------
CONTENT: With one stroke of his pen, President Bush has denied health insurance to 3.8 million kids who were due to get it under this bipartisan expansion of the Children's Health Insurance Program.
CONTENT: By spring 2014, parents of 60,000 students in New York state had refused to let them take the Common Core Tests.
CONTENT: Two years ago, the longest serving leader of the California republic, Jerry Brown, boldly declared in China that California is a separate nation.
CONTENT: Under Rick Scott, there has been a historic $20 billion in funds for education.
CONTENT: Says his proposed education spending is the highest state funding level in Florida history.
CONTENT: Youre paying for...(state Sen. Diane Allens) health care, and she took yours away.
Node: (3, 13)--------------------
CONTENT: While fighting a move to toughen penalties for workplace gender discrimination, state Sen. Glenn Grothman said he didnt believe women belonged in the workplace but belonged at home, cooking and cleaning and having babies.
CONTENT: NASCAR endorsed Trump
CONTENT: Obama voted for "tax subsidies and giveways" that have slowed oil companies from pursuing clean energy sources.
CONTENT: Says Gary Farmers claim that he received an A from the NRA is an absolute lie.
CONTENT: Following the 2009 session, Texas House Speaker Joe Straus was acknowledged and thanked for his tireless efforts by Planned Parenthood, the nations premier abortion provider.
Node: (3, 14)--------------------
CONTENT: As CEO of WWE, Linda McMahon was caught tipping off a ringside physician about a federal investigation into illegally distributing steroids to wrestlers.
CONTENT: Republican candidate for governor Karen Handel has run a 100 percent negative campaign.
CONTENT: Says Joe Straus was co-author of a bill that would have allowed Planned Parenthood to control public school sex education.
CONTENT: When mentioning Villanovas buzzer-beating win in the national championships, Hillary Clinton said: I love those come-from-behind victories.
CONTENT: Kendrick Meek is the only candidate who has consistently been against expanded drilling.
CONTENT: Says Donald Trump hired illegal workers from Poland and he had to pay a million dollars or so in a judgment.
CONTENT: Says Kurt Schrader supports Obamas sequester but wont cut $1.6 million to fund new video games.
CONTENT: Says that when he was governor of Utah, he worked with the state Legislature to create a flat tax that cut income taxes by 30 percent.
Node: (3, 15)--------------------
CONTENT: U.S. Senate candidate Todd Akin was partly right that a womans body has a way of shutting down so that a pregnancy doesnt occur if shes raped.
CONTENT: He has never voted for a federal restriction on gun ownership.
CONTENT: Says Sen. John McCain told dreamers that hell support the Dream Act, then he voted against it.
CONTENT: Says actor Dwayne The Rock Johnson wore a T-shirt stating: We Stand for the flag, we kneel for the fallen.
CONTENT: Bill Clinton invited him (the Rev. Wright) to the White House when he was having his personal crises.
CONTENT: Mitt Romney previously believed "that abortion should be safe and legal in this country." Now he is "prolife."
Node: (3, 16)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Scott Walker cut funding to local governments in Wisconsin, contributing to the second-largest increase in violent crime in the Midwest.
CONTENT: Says Rick Perry co-chaired Al Gores campaign for president.
CONTENT: While Mandels been busy traveling the country raising campaign money, he hasnt shown up for work.
CONTENT: Two years ago...I wrote to Secretary Paulson, I wrote to Federal Reserve Chairman Bernanke, and told them [subprime lending] is something we have to deal with.
CONTENT: Challenger Tim Tuggey is a lobbyist who donated over $41,000 to Democrats who support abortion and same-sex marriage.
CONTENT: Says Russ Feingold wanted to get money out of politics. Now hes profiting from that same dark money.
CONTENT: Says he never told anyone he hated the U.S. Senate.
CONTENT: Look, I believe in accountability. In 1983, I led the effort in Arkansas to improve our schools.
CONTENT: Says Tom Barrett plans to spend $100 million on a trolley that goes barely two miles on the east side of Milwaukee.
CONTENT: Says George LeMieux falsely attacked Marco Rubio.
CONTENT: Im self-funding my own campaign.
CONTENT: Elena Kagan has published five scholarly review articles, mostly on administrative law and the First Amendment. These articles were mostly on technical and procedural issues.
CONTENT: Says McCain once said that on "the most important issues of our day, I've been totally in agreement and support of President Bush."
Node: (3, 17)--------------------
CONTENT: I have repeatedly said that many of the predatory loans that were made in the mortgage system did target African-American and Latino communities.
CONTENT: President Obama is attacking Paul Ryan on Medicare even though it is his administration with the help of Jim Langevin who cut $716 billion from Medicare.
CONTENT: Since 2007 David Jolly has given almost $30,000 to keep Democrats in Congress!
CONTENT: Says Congressmen Paul Ryan and Todd Akin co-sponsored legislation to limit federal funding for abortion to victims of forcible rape.
CONTENT: Just two weeks ago, Congressman Hurd quit his post on the House Committee on Small Business saying that he was unable to find the time to serve.
CONTENT: When (John) Brennan ... was asked directly Is there any geographic limitation to your drone strike program? Brennan responded and said, no, there is no limitation.
CONTENT: Says he fought Obama at the Supreme Court and won.
CONTENT: Macys sent a letter to Rick Perry urging him to veto equal pay bill.
CONTENT: (McCain) was opposed to ethanol. Now he's for it.
CONTENT: Says Donald Trump, in his campaign announcement speech, also said, And many of them (Mexicans) are good people. You keep leaving that out of your quote.
CONTENT: First, he (Obama) opposed the surge. Then he confidently predicted that it would fail. Then he tried to prevent funding for the troops who carried out the surge.
CONTENT: On hearings about automatic citizenship provision in U.S. Constitution.
CONTENT: Says Carlos Beruff supported (Charlie) Crist even after he switched parties.
Node: (3, 18)--------------------
CONTENT: President Obama himself attempted to filibuster Justice Alito, who now sits on the Supreme Court.
CONTENT: Says Rick Perry cut taxes.
CONTENT: The governor switched his position once again on offshore oil drilling.
CONTENT: Says Paul Workman authored legislation providing amnesty for illegal immigrants.
CONTENT: Tim Kaine, as governor, proposed tax increases on people earning as little as $17,000.
Node: (3, 19)--------------------
CONTENT: Hillary Clinton in 2005 co-sponsored legislation that would jail flag burners.
CONTENT: Thompson "voted against $250,000 caps on damages (and) almost anything that would make our legal system fairer."
CONTENT: In first week as governor, Tim Kaine proposed a nearly $4 billion tax increase, $4 billion, including a tax increase on people earning as little as $17,000 a year.
CONTENT: Says Jeff Wentworth was the only Republican to vote against the Texas measure requiring women to have a sonogram before receiving an abortion.
CONTENT: Says Obama flip-flopped on banning handguns.
CONTENT: Says only four Texas legislators voted against a law giving in-state tuition rates to certain illegal immigrants.
CONTENT: As part of legislative fights over abortion rights,Mike Coffman co-sponsored a bill to redefine rape.
CONTENT: During Lyndon B. Johnsons first 20 years in Congress, he opposed every civil rights measure that came up for a vote.
CONTENT: Aaron Bean voted to give illegal immigrants in-state tuition.
CONTENT: Marco Rubio wants to raise the Social Security retirement age, and cut benefits.
CONTENT: Says she introduced a ban on "dirty dancing."
CONTENT: Says his transportation plan would make Virginia the first state in the nation to eliminate the state tax on gasoline.
CONTENT: Says he forced Washington to open up the Arctic Ocean to oil drilling.
Node: (3, 20)--------------------
CONTENT: In the 2014 elections, the American people overwhelmingly said we dont want Obamacare and we dont want amnesty.
CONTENT: As soon as Chris Christie was governor, he gave tax cuts to millionaires.
CONTENT: Sen. Joe Biden, the ranking member of the Foreign Relations Committee, recommended partitioning Iraq into three separate entities.
CONTENT: Cass Sunstein, President Obama's nominee for regulatory czar, "wants to give legal standing to animals so they can sue you for eating meat."
CONTENT: Charlie Crist "bizarrely vetoed" $9.7 million for a teaching hospital at the University of Florida "despite having previously argued the budget request had merit."
CONTENT: Says U.S. Senate rival Tommy Thompson wants to give a new $265,000 tax cut to millionaires like himself while raising taxes on the middle class.
CONTENT: Says Bernie Sanders wants higher standards for toy guns than real guns.
CONTENT: After the oil spill, Congressman Adam Putnam "doubled down saying all energy sources, including oil drilling in the Gulf, should be considered just days after the oil spill started."
CONTENT: Says U.S. Sen. Ron Johnson voted to let oil and gas companies emit unlimited carbon pollution into our air
CONTENT: Says DonaldTrump proposes tax cuts, too -- $3 trillion for millionaires like himself and $2 trillion for corporations like his.
CONTENT: Says his promise of 250,000 new private sector jobs was a big goal.
CONTENT: [Former Georgia congressman] Bob Barr voted ... to raise his own pay.
CONTENT: Mike Pence voted against expanding the Childrens Health Insurance program, which Hillary helped to start.
CONTENT: Says abill he vetoed to give driver licenses to certain immigrants known as Dreamers would havechanged nothing.
CONTENT: Says Gov. Jeb Bush vetoed the Quiones Plan because it was taxation without representation on a large scale.
CONTENT: Says U.S. Sen. Ron Johnson wants to put 100,000 troops, including 25,000 Americans, into the area where ISIS is.
CONTENT: McCain's "plan for the economy is to extend George Bush's tax cuts for billionaires and give a $100-billion additional corporate tax cut."
CONTENT: Says potential GOP U.S. Senate candidate Tommy Thompson supported Obamacare
CONTENT: Says Abraham Lincoln supported an agreement that allowed slavery in New Mexico and a law to return runaway slaves to their owners.
Node: (3, 21)--------------------
CONTENT: Bill Heller raises taxes. Property taxes. Small business taxes. He even wants to tax the Internet. Mr. Heller said no to balancing the federal budget, that puts more debt on our kids.
CONTENT: When Moammar Gadhafi was set to visit the United Nations, and no one would let him stay in New York, Trump allowed Gadhafi to set up an elaborate tent at his Westchester County (New York) estate.
CONTENT: The Obama administration originally wanted 10,000 troops to remain in Iraq -- not combat troops, but military advisers, special operations forces, to watch the counterterrorism effort.
CONTENT: While introducing Donald Trump, former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani omitted the September 11, 2001, strikes as a successful terrorist attack during the eight years before President Obamas 2008 election.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clinton sent a memo to all State Department staff that said you should not do State Department business on personal email.
CONTENT: SaysGary Johnson and the Libertarian Party want to get rid of the public school system.
Node: (3, 22)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Connie Mack initially said he would have voted yes for the Paul Ryan budget plan, and then, you said it was stupid and you would vote no. And then your folks corrected you, and you changed your position again, yes.
CONTENT: Says Mitt Romney just gave a speech a few weeks ago and said we should still have troops in Iraq.
CONTENT: When Donald Trump spoke in Phoenix, he looked the audience in the eye and he said no, were building a wall and were deporting everybody. He said, quote, they will all be gone. They will all be gone. This is one of the ones where you can go to the tape on it and see what Donald Trump has said.
CONTENT: I never said I was on the Falkland Islands.
CONTENT: President Obama's own director of national intelligence, Admiral Blair, put it this way: 'High-value information came from interrogations in which those methods were used and provided a deeper understanding of the al-Qaida organization that was attacking this country.'
CONTENT: When he (Donald Trump) asked Florida to have casino gambling, we said no.
CONTENT: A year ago, in March 2007, I called for immediate action to address abuses in the subprime market, and I laid out detailed concrete proposals for how to do so.
CONTENT: Neither Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump has a plan to address the civil war in Syria.
CONTENT: I never proposed privatizing the (Milwaukee County) airport.
CONTENT: I did not vote to spend money to fight that (Amendment 6 redistricting) lawsuit.
CONTENT: I never called for a partition of Iraq.
CONTENT: Three years ago, John McCain said, "Afghanistan we don't read about it anymore in papers because it succeeded."
CONTENT: You know, Sen. McCain said the other day that we might have troops (in Iraq) for 100 years...
CONTENT: When this campaign began, I said that weve got to end the starvation minimum wage of $7.25, raise it to $15. Secretary Clinton said lets raise it to $12.
CONTENT: Says President Obama waited two weeks to call the attack in Libya terror.
CONTENT: I am a candidate. I have not withdrawn.
CONTENT: Former business partner Robert Gay says: The man who helped save my daughter was Mitt Romney.
CONTENT: Says President Barack Obama will not utter the words radical Islamic terrorism and as matter of policy, nobody in the administration will say the words radical Islamic terrorism.
CONTENT: Says Obama called Medicaid broken four years ago.
CONTENT: George Bush never suggested that we eliminate funding for Planned Parenthood.
CONTENT: Hillary Clinton was against setting a deadline for withdrawal, but now she wants a "precipitous withdrawal" regardless of "conditions on the ground" or "consequences of a defeat for the United States," an RNC radio ad.
CONTENT: I got a letter from 20 people who said they wanted their money back, 14 never gave me a penny.
CONTENT: Says Ronald Reagan understood repeatedly that when the deficit started to get out of control, that for him to make a deal he would have to propose both spending cuts and tax increases.
Node: (3, 23)--------------------
CONTENT: Im the only (Republican)candidate that has actually reduced the size of government.
CONTENT: The minute this proposal for near-beach oil drilling came up, I was against it.
CONTENT: Says Paul Ryan tried to change the whole game for Social Security
CONTENT: Secretary Clinton changes her position on (gun issues) every election year, it seems, having one position in 2000 and then campaigning against President Obama and saying we dont need federal standards.
CONTENT: In 2006, Donald Trump was hoping for a real estate crash.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clinton negotiated the first agreement ever where China and India officially committed to reduce their emissions.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clinton was literally present when we pressed the reset button with Russia just a few months after Russia had invaded Georgia.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clintons rejection of efforts to make it easier to vote and harder to cheat not only defies logic, but the will of the majority of Americans.
Node: (3, 24)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Joe Biden said Jon Corzine is the smartest guy that I know, in terms of the economy and on finance, I really mean this.
CONTENT: Wendy Davis is fighting to bring ... Bloomberg-style gun control to Texas.
CONTENT: We will not ask for a tax increase to run city government.
CONTENT: Even our attorney general who is a strong Democrat, she has said that we need causation in our workers comp system. Thats the No. 1 thing pushing our manufacturing jobs out of Illinois.
CONTENT: John Boozman is excited about putting a 23 percent national sales tax on everything you buy.
CONTENT: (Newt Gingrich) voted in favor of establishing the Department of Education, and yet he gets in a debate and says we should get rid of the Department of Education and send all the education issues back to the states.
CONTENT: Hillary [Clinton] wants to raise taxes by over a trillion dollars.
CONTENT: Says the 1956 Republican Party platform supported equal pay, the minimum wage, asylum for refugees, protections for unions and more.
CONTENT: By the way, Im not raising tolls 50 percent....Jon Corzine did.
CONTENT: I have never supported cap and trade.
CONTENT: He's a good man but he's a pro-life liberal. He's right on the pro-life part, but he's a liberal.
CONTENT: Again today (Ahmadinejad) made light of 9/11, and said that he's not even sure it happened and that people actually died.
CONTENT: On the economic troubles of 2008, "really the match that lit this fire was Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac."
CONTENT: Says that Secretary of State Jon Husted and former secretary Jennifer Brunner both have supported a provision in Senate Bill 47 that would limit the days organizers have to collect signatures for initiative and referendum petitions.
CONTENT: You worked hard for your money and you paid your taxes when you earned it. Now, (Indiana Republican congressional candidate) Todd Young wants to tax it again when you spend it.
CONTENT: Says GOP Congressional candidate Scott Jones wants to build a wall. He wants to round people up and deport folks.
CONTENT: I don't think that Rudy or Fred or John McCain support the marriage amendment.
Node: (3, 25)--------------------
CONTENT: Says George LeMieux was one of two Republicans who voted for President Barack Obamas jobs bill.
CONTENT: Mr. President, multiple times from your administration there have come statements that Republicans have no ideas and no solutions on health care.
CONTENT: President Obama campaign surrogate Maryland Gov. Martin OMalley acknowledged that we are not better off than we were four years ago.
CONTENT: Says a bill requiring ultrasounds before abortions was supported by Republicans and Democrats.
CONTENT: Republican state lawmakers are refusing to give the people of their own states their own tax dollars back in the form of (expanded) Medicaid.
Node: (3, 26)--------------------
CONTENT: Says he passed eight measures, including ones to prevent groping at airport security checks and to bar sanctuary cities in Texas.
CONTENT: John McCain "voted against the Bush tax cuts, both times."
CONTENT: As governor, in the face of partisan attacks, (Charlie Crist) had the courage to save jobs and lead his state into economic recovery.
CONTENT: Sherrod Brown has been running for public office since Richard Nixon was president.
CONTENT: Gubernatorial candidate Maggie Hassan supported 33 tax and fee increases as Senate Majority Leader.
CONTENT: The Department of Justice, under the Obama administration, disagrees with the decision Judge Sotomayor made in the Ricci vs. DeStefano case.
CONTENT: Dodd brought both parties together to pass the Family and Medical Leave Act.
CONTENT: (Ronald Reagan) raised taxes a billion dollars in his first year as governor of California.
CONTENT: Kelly Ayotte voted to give big oil more than $20 billion in tax breaks.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clinton went toe-to-toe with Russia as secretary of state to do the New START agreement to reduce Russias nuclear stockpile.
CONTENT: Sen. Sanders did vote five times against the Brady bill.
CONTENT: Supreme Court 15 times over the last 120 years has said marriage is a fundamental right and never said it had to be between a man and a woman.
CONTENT: Says Rick Santorum supported (Arlen) Specter over conservative candidates twice.
CONTENT: Says Mitch McConnell pushed the Wall Street bailout through the U.S. Senate and called it the Senate at its finest.
CONTENT: Says Obama flip-flopped on warrantless wiretapping.
CONTENT: Says Marco Rubio would take away a womans right to choose for victims of rape or incest.
CONTENT: Taking the Fifth Amendment in a deposition about the Columbia/HCA hospital chain he founded means a truthful answer to the questions that (Rick Scott) was asked would incriminate him.
CONTENT: This governor has given us continual balanced budgets without raising taxes.
CONTENT: The Republicans have repeatedly said that they agree with 80 percent of what's in our bill.
Node: (3, 27)--------------------
CONTENT: Says that as a U.S. senator, Russ Feingold voted against authorizing our military 11 separate times.
CONTENT: Repeated requests for additional security in Benghazi were routinely denied by Hillary Clintons State Department.
CONTENT: (Obama) did accept donations from lobbyists and PACs and he spent money in this campaign from that, through his political action committee.
CONTENT: Says Rick Scott cut Bright Futures scholarships in half.
CONTENT: Tim Kaine doubled down in his support of devastating defense cuts, saying the the deal was the right thing to do.
CONTENT: Gov. Bob McDonnellsbudget plantakesmoney out of our classrooms to pave roads.
CONTENT: Says Rep. Charlie Bass, R-NH voted to raise his own pay eight times
CONTENT: Says the media distortedwhat happened with a baby at his rally.
CONTENT: Since being elected in 2002, Scott Walker has given back over $370,000 of his salary to the county.
CONTENT: Bruce Rauner is of record that he will fully support the Trump candidacy. Its documented. Its available.
Node: (3, 28)--------------------
CONTENT: Im the only member of the House of Representatives who raised most of his campaign funds in the last election from small contributions of less than $200.
CONTENT: Tommy Thompson made millions from corporations who outsource American jobs and now hes trying to lavish huge tax breaks on them.
CONTENT: Says Russ Feingolds campaign is powered by small-dollar contributions like ours.
CONTENT: Re: (Marco) Rubios support of earmark ban: In 2002 alone, he requested 37 earmarks worth $43 million.
CONTENT: Says Chris Christie fired 6,000 teachers.
CONTENT: Greg Abbott has benefitted from payday lenders who have given him $300,000 and then received a ruling from him that they can operate in a loophole in the law that allows them to charge unlimited rates and fees.
CONTENT: By releasing only basic tax information, former U.S. Congressman Nathan Deal is hiding more than hes disclosed about his business dealing with the state.
CONTENT: Goldman Sachs was Barack Obama's "No. 1 private contributor."
CONTENT: Says Russ Feingold formed his own political group to pay himself and his staff millions.
CONTENT: Quarterbacks won the (Super Bowl) MVP more than 50 percent of the time.
CONTENT: Mitt Romney is worth at least a quarter billion dollars and the bulk of his wealth remains in blind trusts and overseas bank accounts.
CONTENT: Georgia Public Service Commission member Stan Wise has received about 95 percent of his campaign money from the utilities he is supposed to be regulating.
Node: (3, 29)--------------------
CONTENT: Says President Barack Obama was responsible for the assassination of at least four American citizens in drone strikes.
CONTENT: More than once, Ive actually had a conversation with the protesters on substance.
CONTENT: Says over 40 percent of recent county bonds are for Precinct One, northeast Travis County, because he is quick to identify projects that help make the East Side a desirable place to live.
CONTENT: Obama has asked for $932-million in earmarks, literally $1-million for every day that hes been in Congress.
CONTENT: Says Adam Hasners record includes requesting over $92.2 million in earmarks.
CONTENT: Susie Lee and her husband own 17 homes across the country and use their private jet to take vacations, and invest in companies like Walmart, Halliburton and GEO Group.
CONTENT: He has asked for $932-million of earmark pork-barrel spending, nearly a million dollars for every day that hes been in the United States Senate.
CONTENT: Says she is the subject of 60 books.
CONTENT: I have returned money every year since taking office.
CONTENT: Tim Kaine proposed over $6 billion in tax increases from the time he entered the governors mansion until the time he left.
CONTENT: Bill McCollum has accepted thousands from lobbyists for Planned Parenthood.
CONTENT: Says President Barack Obamasown administration has done five environmental impact assessments of the Keystone XL pipeline, all of which have said it would have a minimum impact on the environment.
CONTENT: Says she heard more than 2,400 cases as a Wisconsin appeals court judge
CONTENT: Says Jeanne Shaheen has voted with the president 99 percent of the time.
CONTENT: Says he has "the most impressive education record" of the Republican candidates.
CONTENT: Says U.S. Reps. Phil Gingrey and Jack Kingston have even changed votes to what I voted, multiple times.
CONTENT: Says Your kid just ate 16 packs of sugar.
CONTENT: Says Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell has blocked the Senate over 400 times.
CONTENT: Seven times Obama could have stopped Chinas cheating. Seven times, he refused.
CONTENT: Says Barack Obama has played nearly 100 rounds of golf as president.
CONTENT: U.S. Senate candidate Michelle Nunn earned as much as $300,000 running a nonprofit that had laid off 90 workers.
CONTENT: U.S. Rep. Bill Young "has accepted $737,000 from lobbyists and recipients of his earmarks."
Node: (4, 0)--------------------
CONTENT: Any legislative action that is taken now could very well be rendered completely null and void by the decision of the Supreme Court expected this June.
CONTENT: According to a government supplier of emergency products, the Disaster Assistance Response Team was told to be prepared to be activated in the month of October for an outbreak of Ebola.
CONTENT: Says 25 percent of U.S. Muslims agreed that violence against Americans here in the United States is justified as a part of the global jihad.
CONTENT: Scott Walkers school-aid cuts were so devastating that students are without chairs and a government survey found 47 kids in a classroom.
CONTENT: We spent approximately $20-billion of that money on pork barrel, earmark projects. Maybe if we had done it right, maybe some of that money would have gone to inspect those bridges and other bridges across the country.
CONTENT: Says allegations that he made unwanted sexual advances on a female sheriffs deputy were found by two separate judges to not have merit.
CONTENT: When it comes to fighting terrorism, Another thing we know that does not work, based on lots of empirical evidence, is torture.
CONTENT: The people that perpetrated that travesty in San Bernardino had never been to the Middle East.
CONTENT: For decades before I was elected, governors tried and failed to get Minnesota out of the top 10 highest-taxed states in the country. I actually did it.
CONTENT: Under the Iran nuclear deal, we give them $150 billion, we get nothing.
CONTENT: This is a test of the fact-checking widget.
CONTENT: David Jolly has used money and power to try to drill off our beaches.
CONTENT: The Republican-controlled Wisconsin Assembly approved only one out of 376 amendments offered by Assembly Democrats in 2011.
Node: (4, 1)--------------------
CONTENT: According to (Barack) Obamas newest unconstitutionally enacted law, health care professionals are now required to violate HIPAA privacy laws and submit medical data to the government, which is then used as justification for gun confiscation.
CONTENT: Reconciliation was used "for tax cuts for the rich twice under Bush."
CONTENT: Texas prosecutor Rosemary Lehmberg purchased 72 bottles of vodka in just one store alone, in just over a year.
CONTENT: It is Hillary Clintons agenda to release the violent criminals from jail. She wants them all released.
CONTENT: Hillary Clinton invented ISIS with her stupid policies. She is responsible for ISIS.
CONTENT: The New START treaty was passed despite significant concerns among some people in the State and Defense Departments.
Node: (4, 2)--------------------
CONTENT: The new Arizona immigration law "says that any police officer can stop anyone who appears to them to be reasonably suspicious of being an undocumented person."
CONTENT: A United Nations arms treaty would almost certainly force the U.S. to create an international gun registry, setting the stage for full-scale gun confiscation.
CONTENT: We have, right now, Hezbollah, which is working throughout Latin America, in Venezuela, in Mexico, throughout Latin America, which poses a very significant and imminent threat to the United States of America.
CONTENT: Says Obamas net neutrality proposalputs the government in charge of determining Internet pricing, terms of service and what types of products and services can be delivered.
CONTENT: By 2015, we will be sending so much interest to China that we will be paying for the entire Peoples Liberation Army.
CONTENT: The Democratic health care bill will "collect higher taxes for 10 years and provide health care for only six years."
CONTENT: An Iowa policy "provides for a state round up of Iowa citizens who might be exposed to the swine flu virus."
CONTENT: Says the largest tax increase in American history is set to occur on January 1st unless President Obama and Congress can come to an agreement.
Node: (4, 3)--------------------
CONTENT: Local law enforcement . . . will have access to the [Obamacare] Data Hubs treasure trove of personal info.
CONTENT: I am the first Latina to run for governor of Texas.
CONTENT: After shedding jobs for more than 10 years, our manufacturers have added about 500,000 jobs over the past three.
CONTENT: The Congressional Budget Office has already doubled its estimate for the cost (of Obamacare) so far from roughly $800 billion to $1.7 trillion.
CONTENT: If your plan is the result of collective bargaining, no subsequent changes by anybody -- insurance companies, Obamacare -- can force your grandfathered policy to change.
CONTENT: AIG has fully repaid the federal government plus a profit of more than $22 billion.
Node: (4, 4)--------------------
CONTENT: Every time weve cut the capital gains tax, the economy has grown. Whenever we raise the capital gains tax, its been damaged.
CONTENT: In Flint, Mich., the pipes still havent been replaced. The water is still poisoned.
CONTENT: The only people in this town that have voted to cut Medicare spending are the people who voted in favor of Obamacare. Thats a fact.
CONTENT: At the beginning of World War II, we had a relatively small army, smaller than Portugals.
CONTENT: Democrats have now become the party of the [Atlanta] metro area and of blacks.
Node: (4, 5)--------------------
CONTENT: Washington cannot hide from the fact that Congress hiked the national debt ceiling to $14.3 trillion. They cannot hide from the fact . . . that the budget that theyre going forward with has more than a $5 trillion in debt in it over the next five years.
Node: (4, 6)--------------------
CONTENT: Under the Cash for Clunkers program, all we've got to do is ... go to a local junkyard, all you've got to do is tow it to your house. And you're going to get $4,500.
CONTENT: Welcome to Wisconsin road signs have always been made in Wisconsin,but Scott Walker is outsourcing themto an out-of-state company and paying more money for them.
CONTENT: New financial regulation "actually guarantees future bailouts of Wall Street banks."
CONTENT: In Wisconsin, 98 percent of all small businesses will qualify for income-tax relief under my plan, freeing them to expand and create jobs.
CONTENT: The nuclear agreement with Iran never sunsets. Theres no sunset in this agreement.
Node: (4, 7)--------------------
CONTENT: The estate tax, which came into being by Republicans like Teddy Roosevelt and others ... is there for a real simple reason: In America, we've never liked the idea of massive inherited wealth.
Node: (4, 8)--------------------
CONTENT: Illegal aliens are costing Georgia taxpayers over a billion dollars every year.
CONTENT: Under the cromnibus law, taxpayers must guarantee incredibly risky derivatives deals made by the nations largest banks.
CONTENT: By the time you drink your coffee, an elephant is killed for its ivory tusks.
Node: (4, 9)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Wendy Davis, born into difficult circumstances, was the daughter of a single mother and a teenage mother herself.
CONTENT: When the Milwaukee County mental health facility is full, cops sit out there in their squad cars with a mentally ill patient and sometimes spend an entire shift out there doing that.
CONTENT: Sanctuary cities such as Philadelphia refuse to cooperate with the federal government in locating suspected terrorists who are in their custody and are in the country illegally.
CONTENT: A gallon (of gasoline) delivered to the front lines for our troops in Afghanistan cost more than $400.
Node: (4, 10)--------------------
CONTENT: Cities like Seattle have decided to ban food carts.
CONTENT: Says The idea of one casino per tribe is a false one.
CONTENT: The primary election results show Democrats are strong in Kentucky because the Democratic candidates "both got more votes than Rand Paul did."
CONTENT: I never once asked that (Megyn Kelly) be removed as a debate moderator.
Node: (4, 11)--------------------
CONTENT: I took on the worst road system in the country, according to Trucker's magazine. When I left, they said it was the most improved road system in the country.
CONTENT: A construction worker whos making $50 or $60 grand a year shouldnt be paying higher tax rates than the guy whos making $50 million a year. And thats how its working right now.
CONTENT: Says Paul Ryan voted for two wars that were unpaid for, voted for the Bush tax cuts that were unpaid for, voted for the prescription drug bill that cost as much as my health care bill -- but wasnt paid for.
CONTENT: President Obama was raised Muslim.
Node: (4, 12)--------------------
CONTENT: When terrorists killed more than 250 Americans in Lebanon under Ronald Reagan, the Democrats didnt make that a partisan issue.
CONTENT: Bob Menendez just voted to increase the governments debt ceiling to $1.9 TRILLION! In his 19 years in Congress, Menendez has helped overspend America over $15 TRILLION into debt.
CONTENT: Says Peter DeFazio votes with Nancy Pelosi 86 percent of the time.
CONTENT: Says an investigative report concluded Ken Cuccinelli should have been prosecuted for disclosure violations, but Virginias law was too weak.
Node: (4, 13)--------------------
CONTENT: As Virginia lost over 65,000 jobs, (Tim) Kaine put partisan ambitions first by serving as DNC chairman during the last year of his governorship.
CONTENT: In 2007, when Nancy Pelosi met with President Assad of Syria, nobody got upset.
CONTENT: Jeff Weems legal record is one of defending BP, Enron and just about every big oil company against the working man.
CONTENT: I didn't endorse the federal stimulus bill.
CONTENT: Privatizing Social Security was a bad idea when George W. Bush proposed it. It's a bad idea today. Sen. McCain's campaign went even further ... suggesting ... to cut cost-of-living adjustments or to raise the retirement age.
CONTENT: Alison Alter has exploited a campaign finance loophole to obtain over $64,000 in public dollars to fund her campaign.
CONTENT: Geithner's failure to pay self-employment taxes while working for the IMF is a mistake that is commonly made for people who are working internationally or for international institutions.
CONTENT: George Allen voted for 40,000 earmarks.
CONTENT: When I was speaker, we had four consecutive balanced budgets.
CONTENT: You know, we spent $3-million to study the DNA of bears in Montana.
CONTENT: The fiscal cliff deal ultimately raised taxes.
Node: (4, 14)--------------------
CONTENT: Gov. Rick Perry spent over a million dollars on D.C. lobbyists asking for more federal money and lives in a luxury house that costs taxpayers $10,000 a month.
CONTENT: Scott Walker gave Wisconsin job creation money to his cronies: corporate friends who contributed to his campaigns and got $570 million in job-development incentives
CONTENT: Crimea became part of Ukraine only in 1954. Crimea was historically part of Russia, and (Nikita) Khrushchev gave it to Ukraine in a gesture that mystified some people.
CONTENT: The head of the IRS ordered 24,000 emails erased before Congress could review them, making sure the American people will never know the real truth.
CONTENT: George W. Bush was the least popular president in modern history.
CONTENT: George LeMieux voted against the majority of Republicans and joined with Democrats to create a Task Force For Responsible Fiscal Action that looks strikingly similar to the Super Committee now being set up in Washington to justify massive tax hikes.
CONTENT: Takes credit for reining in state spending when he was governor.
CONTENT: Says when she helped get $15 billion more for veterans care, Kucinich voted No.
CONTENT: Russ Feingold voted against the law that protected our lakes and was the only Great Lakes senator to vote no.
CONTENT: Says Debbie Wasserman Schultz has these offshore accounts like Mitt Romney.
Node: (4, 15)--------------------
CONTENT: When I was in college, we used to take a popcorn popper . . . and we would fry squirrel.
CONTENT: Boccieri voted to spend a billion dollars an hour, every hour, for his first 50 days in office
CONTENT: Says Nick Rahall voted with Obama 94 percent of the time.
CONTENT: The president referred to the Syrian opposition just a few months ago as pharmacists and doctors, and so on.
CONTENT: Says Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke has deputies collecting overtime while sitting passively in chairs watching courthouse security personnel work.
CONTENT: When McCain was questioned about hiring lobbyists to his campaign staff, "his top lobbyist actually had the nerve to say, 'The American people won't care about this.' "
CONTENT: California Republican gubernatorial hopeful Meg Whitman "contributed to, and campaigned, for" Democratic Sen. Barbara Boxer.
CONTENT: Says Senate candidate Katie McGinty made thousands from companies she previously regulated.
Node: (4, 16)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Rick Scott didnt even come to his own education summit. But he did take time to go to the tea party convention the same week.
CONTENT: On U.S.-Israeli relations, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu set the record straight he said, our two countries have exactly the same policy (and) our security cooperation is unprecedented.
CONTENT: Rick Scott tried to slash school funding by $3.3 billion.
CONTENT: Says former Miami-Dade Mayor Carlos Alvarez and current mayoral candidate Carlos Gimenez both drove fancy European cars at taxpayer expense.
CONTENT: Says Rep. Justin Amash votes more with the Democrats than with the Republicans.
CONTENT: John Mica's brother is an oil lobbyist and his daughter represents the natural gas industry.
CONTENT: Says Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton are responsible for leading America into a deal that will arm Iran.
CONTENT: Rick Scott has heavily invested in a company that is geared to helping illegal aliens transfer money to family and friends out of the country."
CONTENT: Says Donald Trump spent the least amount of money of any of the competitive primary contenders that he beat so badly.
CONTENT: Says Mike Enzi is getting about 84 percent of his campaign funds from Washington-based PACs. Thats more than any senator of either party.
CONTENT: Says that politicians who approved collective bargaining restrictions for public employees exploited a loophole exempting themselves from Senate Bill 5.
Node: (4, 17)--------------------
CONTENT: Webster sponsored a bill to create a form of marriage that would trap women in abusive relationships.
CONTENT: In exchange for five minutes with Bill Clinton, the government of Qatar was going to give $1 million to the Clinton Foundation.
CONTENT: Under Hillary Clinton, State Department officials were sending official thank-yous to people who gave to the Clinton Foundation.
CONTENT: Says Josh Mandel bet against Ohio families
CONTENT: Woodrow Wilson borrowed $30 billion to fund World War I in 1917. That money has not been paid back. And we are still paying interest on it.
CONTENT: Texas state Reps. Dan Branch and Jim Pitts, lieutenants to House Speaker Joe Straus, are helping Democrat Ellen Cohen against her Republican challenger, doing events with her in her district.
CONTENT: Says North Carolina Rep. Renee Ellmers was the only Republican to vote against an amendment to prioritize the deportation of sexual criminals who are illegal immigrants.
CONTENT: The majority of Americans now doubt that our children will have a better future.
CONTENT: Barack Obamas health care bill is nothing new. Mitt Romney signed one just like it four years before.
CONTENT: In 2009, Yost spent 2.5 times more money than it took to run the (prosecutors) office before he got there.
CONTENT: Just days ago, Irans Supreme Leader (Ali) Khamenei, who will oversee implementation of this agreement, was calling Israel a rabid dog and accusing the United States of war crimes.
Node: (4, 18)--------------------
CONTENT: The Paul Ryan budget proposal would privatize Medicare.
CONTENT: Says Gov. Chris Christies proposal to reduce state income taxes would be the second tax cut for the rich by the governor in two years.
CONTENT: Congressman John Lewis, an American hero, made allegations that Sarah Palin and I were somehow associated with ... the worst chapter in American history. ... And, Senator Obama, you didn't repudiate those remarks.
CONTENT: Says Democratic Senate candidate Bruce Braley voted to cut $700 billion from Medicare to support Obamacare.
CONTENT: Says he cut 'tax rates five times'
CONTENT: Says Romney would add trillions to the deficit while Obama would cut the deficit by $4 trillion.
CONTENT: President Obama is actually increasing Bush-era defense spending by $21 billion in the new fiscal year.
CONTENT: Says he balanced the Milwaukee County budget without raising taxes five years in a row.
CONTENT: Senator Menendez said he would spend our money wisely. But our annual national deficit climbed from $250 billion a year to $1.6 trillion on his watch.
CONTENT: Says Gov. Pat McCrory tried to cut education funding to its lowest budget share in over 30 years.
CONTENT: Obama promised to cut the deficit by half by the end of his first term but he hasnt even come close.
Node: (4, 19)--------------------
CONTENT: Says House Republicans rejected a straightforward measure that would prevent members of Congress and the president from being paid during a government shutdown.
CONTENT: While in the Illinois Senate, Barack Obama passed "tax cuts for hard-working families."
CONTENT: Says Bush Jr. handed Obama a $1.4 trillion deficit and Obama reduced Bush Jr.s deficit to just $492 billion.
CONTENT: President Barack Obama reduced the cost of prescription drugs for nearly 3.6 million Americans in 2011.
CONTENT: While in the Illinois Senate, Barack Obama passed legislation moving people "from welfare to jobs."
CONTENT: As a senator, Barack Obama supported "an amendment that basically gutted the legal temporary worker program."
CONTENT: As Virginias governor, Allen cut spending and waste with bipartisan support.
CONTENT: Says that Tim Pawlenty eliminated health insurance for 33,000 to 35,000 people when he was governor of Minnesota.
CONTENT: State Sen. Alberta Darling voted to add more than $1 billion in additional spending while cutting programs such as education and health care
CONTENT: John McCain would "reduce oversight of health insurance."
Node: (4, 20)--------------------
CONTENT: The streetcar project planned by Mayor Tom Barrett would be a 1900s style trolley.
CONTENT: Says Gov. Rick Scott cut state funding for PBS.
CONTENT: The Republicans' alternative health care plan "will still let insurers raise premiums four times faster than wages."
CONTENT: Independent analysts say (Donald Trump) would add $30 trillion to the national debt.
CONTENT: Obama said his proposed $1,000 emergency energy rebate "will be enough to offset the increased cost of gas for a working family over the next 4 months."
CONTENT: Says Colorado congressional candidate Morgan Carroll voted to allow welfare recipients to use your tax dollars at ATMs at strip clubs and pot dispensaries.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clinton plans to massively increase admissions (of Middle East refugees) including a 500 percent increase in Syrian refugees coming into our country.
CONTENT: Says state schools superintendent candidate Don Pridemore voted for the largest cuts to public education in our state history and for $2.3 billion in tax breaks for corporations and the wealthy.
CONTENT: Says Rick Scott signed laws requiring mandatory ultrasounds and restricting access to abortion even in cases of rape or incest.
CONTENT: Says U.S. Senate candidate David Perdue flip-flopped on releasing his tax returns.
CONTENT: Crist sent his "top policy staffer to the House Committee to testify in support of the proposal," then vetoed the bill.
Node: (4, 21)--------------------
CONTENT: Says U.S. Senate candidate Michelle Nunn was handpicked by President Barack Obama
CONTENT: Every new Republican member of the U.S. Senate said they will vote to repeal and replace Obamacare.
CONTENT: John McCain and George W. Bush want to spend "a trillion dollars in Iraq over the next 10 years."
CONTENT: The Rev. Wright compared "the United States Marine Corps with Roman legionnaires who were responsible for the death of our Savior."
CONTENT: In altered photo, says Barack Obama wants more of Texans private data via health care.
CONTENT: Says Donald Trumps plan to repeal the estate tax would mean the Walmart Walton family would get a $53 billion tax break.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clinton promised, running for the Senate years ago, 200,000 jobs for upstate New York. ... Not only didnt they come, but they lost so many jobs.
CONTENT: Senator Chris Dodd, chairman of the Senate Banking Committee, placed an amendment in the stimulus bill that allowed for banks bailed out with taxpayer money including AIG to hand out huge bonuses.
CONTENT: Says Connie Mack wrote a letter to the Department of Transportation in order to get $29 million in stimulus for his congressional district.
CONTENT: Republicans Chuck Grassley, John Boehner and John Mica flip-flopped on providing end-of-life counseling for the elderly.
CONTENT: Says Paul Ryan wants to cut Pell Grant scholarships for nearly 10 million students.
CONTENT: It was Dan Sullivan who wrote a bill to cut Alaskans out of those decisions about where they can hunt and fish.
CONTENT: Says Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan want to turn Medicare into a voucher system.
CONTENT: When Marcy Kaptur brought home $42 million for new manufacturing jobs, Dennis Kucinich voted no.
Node: (4, 22)--------------------
CONTENT: Rick Perry had planned to retire from the legislature until his best friend, David Weeks, and I talked him into switching parties and running for the GOP nomination for agriculture commissioner.
CONTENT: When the United States invaded Iraq, Saddam Hussein wanted to acquire weapons of mass destruction, and "he said so himself after his capture."
CONTENT: California gubernatorial candidate Steve Poizner, a Republican, "gave $10,000 to Al Gore's recount" effort in 2000.
CONTENT: I opposed this war from the beginning. I opposed the war in 2002. I opposed the war in 2003. I opposed it in 2004 and 2005 and 2006.
CONTENT: House Republicans pledged to introduce a bill to reform Americas health care system, but "the 'party of no' has . . . failed to produce legislation."
CONTENT: Says Catherine Cortez Masto indicted (Brian Krolicki), who was an innocent man, in order to save Harry Reids political career
CONTENT: Harry Reid was against (the nuclear option) before he was for it. Mitch McConnell was for it before he was against it. President Obama was against it before he was for it.
CONTENT: Scott Walker was elected governor on a promise not to take campaign contributions from the date of his inauguration until the signing of the state budget, but broke it by taking nearly $5.6 million.
CONTENT: When Pakistan erupted in crisis, I spoke to Musharraf before Bush did.
CONTENT: Says Rick Perry said theres an administrator for every teacher in Texas public schools.
CONTENT: Attorney General McCollum, Speaker-Designate Cannon, Senate President-Designate Haridopolos and I stood up to Governor Crist and worked to remove Jim Greer as Chairman because of his mismanagement of the party.
Node: (4, 23)--------------------
CONTENT: Less than two years ago, we made a commitment to repay the U.S. . . .taxpayers in full, and today we made good on that promise.
CONTENT: Says the U.S. Attorneys Office said that neither I nor my campaign had any idea what was going on regarding my fathers illegal campaign contributions. And thats why they closed this case.
CONTENT: I believe, Senator Clinton, you've raised more money from those people (the oil and gas industry) than any candidate, Democrat or Republican.
CONTENT: Says Bernie Sanders was there when it came to (same-sex) marriage 20 years ago. ... He was there when it wasnt popular.
CONTENT: If Senator Clinton or John McCain had stood up in previous years for increases in fuel efficiency standards . . . then we would not be in this same situation in the first place.
CONTENT: I've spent 20 years devoted to working on behalf of families who are having a tough time and are seeking out the American dream.
CONTENT: Governor (Perry), you were a Democrat, having worked for Al Gore as his campaign manager...
CONTENT: Says electric utilities are trying to fool you into amending your state Constitution in a way that gives them the authority to shut down net metering.
CONTENT: In the U.S. agreement with the Cuban government, no commitment was made to allowing the establishment of political parties or to even begin the semblance of a transition to a democracy.
CONTENT: I used tax cuts to help create over 80,000 jobs in New Mexico.
CONTENT: Al Sharpton went to Ferguson, Mo., and is declaring as a matter of fact that ...Michael Brown didnt use any deadly force or posed no deadly threat to the officer.
CONTENT: Says Delta Air Lines has once again broken a promise they made to me and to the people of Memphis.
CONTENT: John Faso took money from fossil fuel companies as they tried to take your land by eminent domain for a fracked gas pipeline.
CONTENT: One of the reasons I believe were in trouble in Yemen is we lost the population on drone strikes issues. Thats what stirred up the population. Thats what is happening in Yemen.
CONTENT: Tim Kaine reduced higher education funding by 25 percent when he was governor, driving up tuition...
Node: (4, 24)--------------------
CONTENT: When Sen. Edwards ran in 2004, he wasn't for universal health care. I'm glad he is now.
CONTENT: The Iranians are now saying that what were saying the deal is and what they understand it to be are two different things.
CONTENT: If you are going to kill the families of terrorists, realize that theres something called the Geneva Convention were going to have to pull out of.
CONTENT: Just on the issue of immigration alone, it is next to impossible to find a policy difference between (Donald) Trump and Congressman (Joe) Heck.
CONTENT: I've always said it's (offshore drilling) up to the states and I still say that.
CONTENT: Says Republicans want to cut education by 25 percent.
CONTENT: Donald Trumps strategy is pretty simple. They have even said in his campaign its to get women to stay home, get young people to stay home, get people of color to stay home, and get a lot smart, intelligent men to stay home, too.
CONTENT: Says about NSA data collection: Every member in both parties who served on the Intelligence Committee voted in favor of this.
CONTENT: Latinos in Nevada support Educational Savings Accounts, helping more than 450,000 students access better schools. But Catherine Cortez Masto is against it.
CONTENT: Despite what Donald Trump claims, there werent 15,000 people who turned out in Phoenix to see Trump speak.
CONTENT: I'm proud of the fact that I've raised more money from small donors than anybody else, and that we're getting $25, $50, $100 donations, and we've done very well doing it that way.
Node: (4, 25)--------------------
CONTENT: Senator McCain has been talking tough about earmarks, and that's good, but earmarks account for about $18-billion of our budget.
CONTENT: The House did vote against engagement in Kosovo, and Bill Clinton kept fighting anyway. And, then, ultimately, a vote did pass.
CONTENT: Says Mitt Romney is proposing a tax cut that gives an average of $250,000 to every millionaire in this country.
CONTENT: Republicans included the Akin amendment in the Republican Party platform, which bans abortion, even for rape victims.
CONTENT: Rep. Peter Petrarca voted on two pieces of legislation that helped auto body shops ... and at that point I think there is a conflict of interest.
CONTENT: Says Kelly Ayotte voted again yesterday against a proposal to expand background checks -- (buyers) can continue to simply go online or to gun shows to purchase guns without background checks.
CONTENT: Some Republicans who voted against the stimulus "have been all too happy to claim credit for Recovery Act projects and the jobs those projects have produced. They come to the ribbon cuttings."
CONTENT: Says proposed anti-abortion legislation would force women facing the most personal of health decisions to endure a transvaginal ultrasound.
CONTENT: A majority in every state favors path to citizenship for undocumented immigrants.
CONTENT: Says the GOP is helping pay for Justice Rebecca Bradleys campaign and she recently skipped court to attend an event paid for by Scott Walkers lobbyist friends.
CONTENT: He (Obama) has done several things well. Most of those things are places where he changed his view from where he had during the campaign. So, for instance, he's left our troops in Iraq and they're being more successful there. He boosted our effort in Afghanistan, which is the right course to take. He did not close Guantanamo, thank heavens.
CONTENT: 40,000 veterans in Texas wont get health care because Perry rejected Obamacares Medicaid expansion.
CONTENT: The average Republican voter thinks there should be some revenue as part of this deal.
CONTENT: In recent polling in battleground states, a majority of the people said Hillary Clinton is untrustworthy.
CONTENT: President-elect Trumps immigration policies are very similar to policies that are sitting right in the Senate and the House today to temporarily suspend immigration from countries that harbor terrorism, to temporarily suspend immigration from Syria until we get better vetting.
CONTENT: 70 percent of Americans believe that we are on the wrong path.
CONTENT: Scott Maddox is a "lobbyist."
CONTENT: Says Republican U.S. Senate candidate Ted Cruz opposes the DREAM Act, which is supported by 85% of Latinos.
CONTENT: Says Paul Workman voted in the Democrat primary, supporting Democrats with his vote.
CONTENT: Says a majority of Americans -- and Republicans -- support his approach for deficit reduction.
CONTENT: I dont understand what Republicans are doing against this. It was their idea. John McCain introduced cap and trade legislation three times.
CONTENT: 91 percent of Latinos support the DREAM Act, which allows undocumented youth to attend college, but Marco Rubio opposes it.
Node: (4, 26)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Mark Pryor votes with Obama 93 percent of the time.
CONTENT: In 2006, Bernie Sanders voted in the House with hard-line Republicans for indefinite detention for undocumented immigrants, and then he sided with those Republicans to stand with vigilantes known as Minutemen who were taking up outposts along the border to hunt down immigrants.
CONTENT: Democrats compare the infrastructure programs in the stimulus to the Eisenhower interstate program, "but he proposed a $500 billion highway system, and they're going to put $30 billion" into roads and bridges.
CONTENT: Says Thom Tillis has cut $500 million from public education.
CONTENT: In our proposal, we would have expanded school aid across the board Governor Christie slashed school aid in this budget, preferring instead to extend a tax break for millionaires over funding in the classroom.
CONTENT: Says his deficit plan made some adjustments to (Simpson-Bowles), and were putting it forward before Congress right now, a $4 trillion plan.
CONTENT: U.S. Sen. Johnny Isakson has never proposed, nor voted in favor of, a substantial cut in federal spending and has voted for many substantial increases in federal spending.
CONTENT: Actually, Reagan was a Democrat before he was a Republican.
CONTENT: By 2006, the American people were overwhelmingly against the Iraq War.
CONTENT: The Obama administration is "cutting back on defense"
CONTENT: On the Arizona immigration law.
CONTENT: I lowered taxes over the last two years.
CONTENT: Clinton has "raised the most money from Washington lobbyists ... from the health industry, drug companies, health insurance companies (and) the defense industry."
CONTENT: Mayor Giuliani's lawsuit killed the line-item veto.
CONTENT: Says Gov. John Kasich can remove the president of the State Board of Education.
Node: (4, 27)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Rep. Bruce Braley, D-Iowa, missed 79 percent of veterans affairs committee hearings.
CONTENT: John McCain has voted with George Bush 90 percent of the time.
CONTENT: We have a governor whos vetoed measures like increasing our minimum wage and restoring the earned income tax cut.
CONTENT: Says Chris Christie vetoed Planned Parenthood funding five times over the course of his governorship.
CONTENT: My two appointments to the Florida Supreme Court, Raul Cantero and Kenneth Bell, have earned reputations as its most consistent conservatives.
CONTENT: In New York, when she ran for reelection, she carried 58 of our 62 counties. George Bush had won 40 counties in New York just two years earlier.
CONTENT: Barack Obama "cut taxes for working families."
CONTENT: Then-Gov. Carl Sanders put 56 percent of the state budget into education, a figure that has not been achieved since.
CONTENT: Says he cut taxes by more than $600 million when he wasgovernor.
CONTENT: Says five Democratic state senators were for her bicycle tailgating bill before they were against it.
CONTENT: The Children's Defense Fund rated McCain as the worst senator in Congress for children.
CONTENT: Says that except for foreign policy, Ron Pauls voting record and his voting record are virtually identical.
CONTENT: Says Rick Scott cut education by $1.3 billion in his first year, then in his second year he decreases funding by $300 million to our state universities.
CONTENT: Says Donald Trump was forced to file for bankruptcy not once, not twice, four times.
CONTENT: Says Ronald Reagan reversed his worlds largest tax cut and raised taxes when revenues did not match the expectations.
CONTENT: Jimmy Langevin is having a fundraiser . . . to retire the debt from his campaign for secretary of state, which was 12 years ago.
CONTENT: Republicans are now taking credit for provisions of the health care bill that they had tried to derail.
Node: (4, 28)--------------------
CONTENT: In 67 different ways, Governor McCrory has raised taxes on middle income families.
CONTENT: Says Rep. John Katko promised he wouldnt vote to defund Planned Parenthood and since hes been in office hes done that four times
CONTENT: Says Sen. John McCain has taken more money from Wall Street than any other sitting senator.
CONTENT: Under the presidents plan, he cuts Medicare by $716 billion, takes that money out of the Medicare trust fund and uses it to pay for Obamacare.
CONTENT: Says Greg Abbott has lost in court four times in just the past few days.
CONTENT: Says Roy Blunt secretly inserts language to benefit tobacco giant Philip Morris into a national security bill while Blunts girlfriend and son are lobbyists for the cigarette company, and just days earlier, 26 Philip Morris executives wrote checks to Blunt totaling $23,000.
CONTENT: (Paul Ryan) has actually proposed three total, three bills that have become law in his entire career dating back to 1999.
CONTENT: Says Obama has flip-flopped on public campaign financing.
CONTENT: Twenty two years ago, when he was running for governor, Bill Nelson missed 56 percent of his votes in the U.S. House.
CONTENT: Theres now been three independent investigations (into the bridge scandal) all of which have said that Christie did not have prior knowledge of or involvement in the lane closures.
CONTENT: Says President Barack Obama has amended, delayed, or repealed 19 components of his very own (health care) law.
Node: (4, 29)--------------------
CONTENT: Charlie Crist has six different positions on ObamaCare.
CONTENT: On (Rob Portmans) watch as Bushs trade czar, our deficit with China exploded and as Bushs budget chief, Portman oversaw a spending spree that doubled the deficit.
CONTENT: Says President Barack Obama made unilateral changes to Obamacare 38 times.
CONTENT: Says that in three legislative sessions, his proposals opening pre-kindergarten to all Texas 4-year-olds never got heard or voted out of committee.
CONTENT: Im running the second-largest county district attorneys office at 1985 staffing levels.
CONTENT: Polls showHillary Clinton wins every time with Donald Trump as her opponent.
CONTENT: Every president since Eisenhower has taken executive action to address immigration issues.
CONTENT: My husband has not withheld a single document.
CONTENT: I have now put out all of my emails.
CONTENT: Sen. Obama has never taken on his party leaders on a single major issue.
CONTENT: Says as Indiana governor, he has made record investments in education.
CONTENT: Over the last six months, President Barack Obama has golfed 10 times and held 106 fundraisers, but his jobs council has never met.
CONTENT: Obama voted to support President Bush between 40 and 50 percent of the time over the past two years.
Node: (5, 0)--------------------
CONTENT: We have solved the problem. ... Scientists are now saying leave the nuclear waste where it is.
CONTENT: Health care reform "requires the use of federal dollars to fund abortions through the government-run health plan."
CONTENT: I had five of my citizens that were killed last week because of border security problems.
CONTENT: China has made enormous progress in its human rights. That is a fact recognized by all the people in the world.
CONTENT: We refused to balance the budget on the backs of our children.
CONTENT: The founders of New Hampshire came up with the motto Live Free or Die.
CONTENT: When these [undocumented] students graduate from college, theyre still illegal aliens. They cannot get a job.
CONTENT: Any child born prematurely, according to the president, in his own words, can be killed.
CONTENT: We dont have any chess grandmasters in the United States.
CONTENT: Taking all the money of the top 1 percent wouldnt keep Medicare going for three years.
CONTENT: Fleeing Syria, a million children are now refugees.
CONTENT: The Bush administration prosecuted 190 suspected terrorists in federal courts.
Node: (5, 1)--------------------
CONTENT: We are imprisoning or giving jail sentences to young people who are smoking marijuana.
CONTENT: We now do have evidence that Donald Trump is being used as a recruiting tool for terrorists.
CONTENT: FACT: Repealing Obamacare would be easier than repealing Prohibition.
CONTENT: If Buehler were elected, our vote-by-mail system would be at risk.
Node: (5, 2)--------------------
CONTENT: The American people will be appalled to learn the health care bill exempts (congressional) leadership and committee staff.
CONTENT: The right-wing extremists are trying to take this seat so they can push their anti-choice and anti-equality agenda through our State House.
CONTENT: Under the current procedure, if someone on a terror watch list tries to buy a gun, authorities are notified.
CONTENT: Nevada will be energy independent within the immediate future.
Node: (5, 3)--------------------
CONTENT: Democratic presidents "have been considerably more effective at creating private-sector jobs."
CONTENT: The city of Brookhavens ordinance could cause the Pink Pony to close, thereby putting 300 Pink Pony employees out of work in this economy.
Node: (5, 4)--------------------
CONTENT: Climate change is directly related to the growth of terrorism.
CONTENT: Im not one for name calling.
CONTENT: Weve had about 3,000 murders in connection with lax border security.
CONTENT: Since 2004, there have been some 1,300 attacks (on rail targets). Four thousand people have died. Thousands of injuries.
CONTENT: Illegal immigration costs Georgia $2.4 billion a year
Node: (5, 5)--------------------
CONTENT: They were going to build the wall a while ago, not so long ago, like in 06. And they couldnt get environmental impact statements.
CONTENT: Employees in workplace freedom states make more money
CONTENT: The market is making this decision. The market has driven down the cost of coal, so you have companies going bankrupt.
CONTENT: Do you know those former Soviet Bloc countries have all moved to flat taxes?
Node: (5, 6)--------------------
CONTENT: We know that Sunday mornings have usually been given over to conservative white men.
CONTENT: Says he has yet to get a response from Barack Obama to his August 2010 letter making border security requests.
Node: (5, 7)--------------------
CONTENT: Our veterans, in many cases, are being treated worse than illegal immigrants.
CONTENT: U.S. teenagers have now fallen behind their counterparts in Ireland, Poland and even Vietnam in math and science.
CONTENT: Teenage births cost Texas taxpayers $1.1 billion in health care, foster careand lost tax revenue in 2010 alone.
Node: (5, 8)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Milwaukee County buses are no less safe now than a year or two ago.
CONTENT: Says Texas high school graduates must pass Algebra II to be eligible for automatic admission to states public universities.
CONTENT: The U.S. Postal Service doesnt run on your tax dollars. Its funded solely by stamps and postage.
Node: (5, 9)--------------------
CONTENT: The John McCain Twitter account has more than 1.1 million followers. The official White House Twitter account has only about 830,000.
CONTENT: Today in America, between 40 and 50 percent of all African-American babies, virtually 1-in-2, are killed before they are born.
CONTENT: Female students at UVA have a 20 percent chance of being sexually assaulted.
CONTENT: We also have, in a park thats not far from here, an ability to build a reservoir that can hold a 30-day water supply for the city of Atlanta.
CONTENT: Obamacare already has caused millions of hardworking Virginians to lose their health insurance.
CONTENT: ISISsends out 90,000 social (media)messages a day.
CONTENT: Says the United States has the worlds greatest health care system.
Node: (5, 10)--------------------
CONTENT: The United States is the only major country on earth that doesnt guarantee health care to all people as a right, not a privilege.
CONTENT: The group that organized Texas Muslim Capitol Day in Austin was recently listed as one of 82 organizations designated as a terrorist group by the United Arab Emirates.
CONTENT: Michelle Nunn spent most of her childhood in Perry, Ga.
CONTENT: Texas children may have a teacher who never spent one minute practicing teaching.
CONTENT: It is truethat we know that ISIS is present in Ciudad Juarez (Mexico)
Node: (5, 11)--------------------
CONTENT: Turkey is an Arab country.
CONTENT: PWNED: House GOP Dominates Twitter, YouTube, Social Media in Congress.
CONTENT: Department of Education officials investigating Virginia Tech shootings have not once gotten into the car and driven down to Blacksburg to talk to the police chief or the university president or to anyone else.
CONTENT: I think we came down here (to Florida) one time ... but we weren't actively fundraising here.
CONTENT: When you get a commercial pilots license, you learn to communicate in English no matter where you are in the world.
CONTENT: Says Marilinda Garcia supports $150 billion in new taxes.
CONTENT: Bill Nelson actually voted in favor of higher taxes 272 times.
CONTENT: With the auto rescue, President Barack Obama saved more than 1 million middle-class jobs all across America, including more than 28,000 in Wisconsin.
CONTENT: Says a state bill checks the spending habits of the Milwaukee County Board of Supervisors by bringing it in line with other county boards around the state.
CONTENT: A recent drop in the unemployment rate is questionable because it was calculated over two days of the Thanksgiving week.
Node: (5, 12)--------------------
CONTENT: Says state Sen. Randy Hopper, R-Fond du Lac, unlike typical taxpayers, didnt pay taxes
CONTENT: The Islamic State is so small it couldnt fill a DoubleAballpark in Charleston, W. Va.
CONTENT: We have killed lots of innocent people in the state of Texas.
CONTENT: Says Panasonic stayed in New Jersey because of the Business Retention and Relocation Assistance Grant (BRRAG) program.
CONTENT: Says Florida is one of a few or perhaps the only state that has a statewide review of local land use and zoning decisions.
CONTENT: If West Virginia had voted for our Democratic nominee in 2000 and 2004, we wouldn't have had to put up with George Bush for the last 7 years.
CONTENT: It cost us more to shut the government down than to keep it open.
CONTENT: Obama never held a single Senate hearing on Afghanistan.
CONTENT: Obamacare prevents (Florida) from regulating insurance.
CONTENT: When Hillary Clinton ran the State Department, $6 billion was missing. How do you miss $6 billion? You ran the State Department, $6 billion was either stolen they dont know.
Node: (5, 13)--------------------
CONTENT: 10 cents on thedollar from the Clinton Foundation goes to charitable causes.
CONTENT: In every poll, John Cornyn always loses to any conservative the voters have heard about.
CONTENT: I left the city with $43 million in the bank.
CONTENT: When I started in Ohio it was terrible. Now, were getting bipartisan support for our bills. And thats called leadership.
CONTENT: I fought 38 Studios from the beginning.
CONTENT: Republican ideas on health care dont give people an option to even enroll in something that they can afford.
CONTENT: After every major conflict ... what happened was that we ultimately hollowed out the force, largely by doing deep, across-the-board cuts.
Node: (5, 14)--------------------
CONTENT: Because of a local version of Amendment 4, the taxpayers of St. Pete Beach have had to pay hundreds of thousands in legal bills.
CONTENT: Says her representation of an ex-boyfriend who was then my friend in a family law case is something that lawyers do on a regular basis.
CONTENT: When youre white ... you dont know what its like to be poor.
CONTENT: The Obama administration went to court to keep one of these five in jail at Guantanamo just three years ago because he was such a huge risk.
CONTENT: Says Ron Johnsons company got government loans and a grant to help expand his business
CONTENT: She flunked the D.C. bar exam.
Node: (5, 15)--------------------
CONTENT: The Obama administration shut down the Amber Alert program because of the government shutdown.
CONTENT: Medicare officials have treated Humana and AARP inconsistently on how they can communicate with seniors.
CONTENT: When I was fighting against cap and trade, the speaker was sitting down with Nancy Pelosi on a sofa encouraging it.
CONTENT: The Obama administration willfully leaked the existence of STUXNET (a computer worm used against Iran), allowing our enemies to learn more of our secrets and of our operations.
CONTENT: Says Lloyd Doggett voted for the health care, stimulus and cap-and-trade bills.
CONTENT: [Mitt] Romney and [Brendan] Doherty certainly have a lot in common, like flip-flopping on abortion -- in Dohertys case, in a little over a week.
CONTENT: I had an uncle ... who was part of the first American troops to go into Auschwitz and liberate the concentration camps.
CONTENT: Sen. Jeff Merkley voted six times for more debt.
CONTENT: Barack Obama is "the only candidate who doesn't take a dime from oil company PACs or lobbyists."
Node: (5, 16)--------------------
CONTENT: John Edwards never -- has ever from the beginning of his political career has never taken PAC money or the money of Washington lobbyists. Ever. -Joe Trippi, senior campaign adviser
CONTENT: Greg Abbott was charged with overseeing the state cancer research fund. But he let his wealthiest donors take tens of millions of taxpayer dollars without proper oversight. They showered Abbott with gifts and free vacations.
CONTENT: Says U.S. Sen. Ron Johnson opposes faster broadband internet in small towns and got nearly $90,000 in campaign contributions from the telecom special interests.
CONTENT: In the state of Indiana, Ive signed more than $3.5 billion in tax relief.
CONTENT: I never was in favor of shutting down the government. (I) voted to fund the government fully.
CONTENT: Ive been involved in prosecuting a terrorist member of ISIS.
CONTENT: As mayor, every year I was in office I did reduce taxes.
CONTENT: Crist stays in $2,000 a night luxury hotel suites where he racks up $1,300 in mini-bar charges, and doesn't pay for a dime of it himself.
Node: (5, 17)--------------------
CONTENT: Under President George W. Bush, we added $4.9 trillion to the debt. Under President Obama weve added $6.5 trillion to the debt.
CONTENT: Rob Cornilles has been endorsed by 20 local mayors, including Independent, Democratic and Republican.
CONTENT: Independent analysts found that Trumps tax plan, given to the wealthy and big corporations, would rack up $30 trillion in debt.
CONTENT: Right now, Im polling at about 8 percent against Barack Obama and Mitt Romney.
CONTENT: According to independent experts, Donald Trumps tax plan would blow up the debt by over $5 trillion and would in some instances disadvantage middle-class families compared to the wealthy.
CONTENT: Since taking office, President Obama has signed into law spending increases of nearly 25 percent for domestic government agencies, an 84 percent increase when you include the failed stimulus.
CONTENT: Michael Thurmond authored major legislation that has provided more than $250 million in tax relief to Georgias senior citizens and working families.
CONTENT: Gov. (Pat) McCrory took $500,000 directly out of the disaster relief fund. And you know what its for? House Bill 2.
Node: (5, 18)--------------------
CONTENT: On counting state budget shortfalls
CONTENT: In 2008, then-Sen. Barack Obama missed 60 or 70 percent of his votes. In 2004, John Kerry missed close to 60 to 70 percent and Bob Graham missed over 30 percent of his votes.
CONTENT: Says that under Mitt Romney, 89 million Americans could be denied coverage if they have a pre-existing condition.
CONTENT: Says state Senate recall challenger Sandy Pasch voted to cut school aid by nearly $300 million.
CONTENT: A Waushara County school closed because of state budget cuts supported by Republican Wisconsin state Sen. Luther Olsen.
CONTENT: When John Kasich became governor of Ohio, there was an $8 billion budget deficit and now theres a $2 billion surplus.
Node: (5, 19)--------------------
CONTENT: Says GOP primary opponents Glenn Grothman and Joe Leibham cast a compromise vote that cost $788 million in higher electricity costs.
CONTENT: During his tenure as mayor, he saw Houstons crime rates drop to the lowest levels in more than 25 years.
CONTENT: And delivered more tax relief than the other Republicans combined.
CONTENT: Says Mitt Romneys plan makes catastrophic cuts to education.
CONTENT: SaysJeb Bush significantly cut early voting prior to the 2008 presidential election.
CONTENT: Says Sierra Club sued him to stop oil and gas activity on Texas coast, but we won and the turtles are fine.
CONTENT: A proposed bill in the Florida Legislature would authorize the public hoarding of cats by feral cat activists.
CONTENT: Says Milwaukee County Executive Chris Abele eliminated sheriffs office funding for providing security for presidential and presidential campaign visits.
CONTENT: Says Tom Cotton voted to turn Medicare into a voucher system.
CONTENT: In the Paula Jones case, Bill Clinton paid an $850,000 penalty.
CONTENT: Former Gov. Rick Perry signed a law that a federal court said was actually written with the purpose of discriminating against minority voters.
CONTENT: Gov. Lincoln Chafee has imposed a mandatory abortion fee on all Rhode Islanders who buy health insurance through the states Obamacare exchange.
CONTENT: Tapping the Strategic Petroleum Reserve would immediately lower gasoline prices
Node: (5, 20)--------------------
CONTENT: Gov. Rick Scott cut the cost of prepaid college tuition by nearly $20,000.
CONTENT: When President Bush took office in 2001, he inherited a $236 billion budget surplus, with a projected 10-year surplus of $5.6 trillion. When he ended his term, he left a $1.3 trillion deficit and a projected 10-year shortfall of $8 trillion.
CONTENT: Sharron Angle would eliminate the Department of Education.
CONTENT: Says Obama doubled funding for the Pell Grant.
CONTENT: Says Donald Trump brings in hundreds of foreign workers to replace Americans.
CONTENT: Candidate Bill Byrne used campaign funds for work on his personal car.
CONTENT: Grateful insurance company executives and their lobbyists from Bermuda gave McCain $50,000.
CONTENT: Ponzi schemer Scott Rothstein gave hundreds of thousands of campaign cash to control Crists appointments of key state judges.
CONTENT: Barack Obama accepted $200,000 from executives and employees of oil companies.
CONTENT: Says Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan would eliminate the guarantee of Medicare.
CONTENT: I won the majority of the Republican vote in both New Hampshire and South Carolina.
Node: (5, 21)--------------------
CONTENT: Nathan Deal cut the HOPE scholarship program so that literally 100,000 Georgians will not be able to go to college or get technical training that they so badly needed to raise -- you know, give them a chance at a good job.
CONTENT: When career politician Daniel Webster became speaker of the House, he wasted $32,000 of our money on a spiral staircase for his office.
CONTENT: Says Ron Johnson voted to turn Medicare into a voucher program.
CONTENT: Rick Santorum reformed welfare.
CONTENT: Says Keene, N.H., requested a military-grade armored personnel truck, citing their annual Pumpkin Festival as a possible target for terrorists.
CONTENT: Says U.S. Senate rival Tammy Baldwin wants a completely government-controlled health care system that goes far beyond Obamacare and is a Medicare system for all.
CONTENT: If the Republicans were the majority, (Rep. Barton) would have actually the gavel and the chairmanship.
CONTENT: As Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton laundered money to Bill Clinton through Laureate Education, while Bill Clinton was an honorary chairman of the group.
CONTENT: Republicans extended unemployment insurance under President Bush when he asked to extend unemployment insurance.
Node: (5, 22)--------------------
CONTENT: Says the Obama administration never responded to his 2012 letter flagging the uptick in unaccompanied children crossing the U.S.-Mexico border.
CONTENT: Says(President) Reagans second inaugural was moved inside the Capitol. It was. Because of a terrible snowstorm.
CONTENT: The Bush administration pulled the troops out of Afghanistan, pulled the resources away, because they wanted to invade Iraq instead.
CONTENT: The U.S. had the opportunity with Israel coming and talking to us about improving our security screening procedures, and we turned them down.
CONTENT: When the auto industry was going under, car parts companies like Johnson Controls begged taxpayers for a bailout, and they got one.
CONTENT: Hitler didnt want unions. Stalin didnt want unions. Mubarak didnt want independent unions. These autocrats in history dont want independent unions.
Node: (5, 23)--------------------
CONTENT: They tried to give us $400 million to build a high-speed train that goes 39 miles an hour.
CONTENT: You know we can't just pull out now... The truth of the matter is: If we started today, it would take one year, one year to get 160,000 troops physically out of Iraq, logistically.
CONTENT: The DREAM Act was written by members of both parties. When it came up for a vote a year and a half ago, Republicans in Congress blocked it. The bill hadnt changed. ... The only thing that had changed was politics.
CONTENT: When I became president and CEO of Godfathers Pizza, it was supposed to go bankrupt . . . We turned it around with common-sense business principles.
CONTENT: Things went wrong with the Medicare prescription D plan that George Bush rolled out.
CONTENT: I spent 18 months putting together the sanctions against Iran so that we could force them to the negotiating table.
CONTENT: Says President Barack Obama came into office very concerned about wiretappings but then he became president of the United States, he got all the briefings (and) he decided the balance is probably pretty appropriately struck.
CONTENT: A trade war is something very different (than curbing new trade agreements). We went down that road in the 1930s. It made the Great Depression longer and more painful.
CONTENT: As a student at Occidental College in Los Angeles from 1979 to 1981, there were days where folks couldnt go outside. because of all the pollution in the air.
CONTENT: The Republican election platform was actually written with the help of a former lobbyist for AIG and a former lobbyist for Exxon-Mobil.
CONTENT: American Hustleshows the FBI making real-life bribes to Washington politicians. I know, because as your U.S. senator, I turned them down.
CONTENT: Ive taken on the federal government and won.
CONTENT: I became a Republican sooner in my life than Ronald Reagan did in his.
CONTENT: Weve saved over $100 million of (health care) costs in Milwaukee County. I did that.
Node: (5, 24)--------------------
CONTENT: I think it is unacceptable for the Chinese today to be larger in wind power and in solar panels and photovoltaic manufacturing than all of Europe put together -- forget the United States.
CONTENT: Says Bill Clinton signed a law very similar to, and Barack Obama voted for a law something like, Indianas Religious Freedom Restoration Act.
CONTENT: Doctors, nurses, hospitals, even the pharmaceutical industry, (and) AARP say that health reform makes sense to do.
CONTENT: I'm the only Republican who has gotten endorsements in this presidential race from major labor unions...
CONTENT: Last week, the Supreme Court reversed a century of law that I believe will open the floodgates for special interests including foreign corporations to spend without limit in our elections.
CONTENT: Sen. Obama worked on some of the deepest issues we had and was successful in a bipartisan way.
CONTENT: I was the first member of Congress to contribute to Donald Trump.
CONTENT: When I ran against incumbent President Gerald Ford, you know how much money we raised? None.
CONTENT: If you want to talk firsts for Bush, this was the first time in American history that a president took us into a war and cut taxes.
CONTENT: Its going to be harder to vote in Virginia than it is now to buy a gun...
CONTENT: Says neither President Barack Obama nor Mexico President Felipe Calderon have been on the border to see whats happening to the citizens of Mexico, and for that matter the citizens of Texas.
CONTENT: I am the only candidate that has endorsed Bernie Sanders for President. In PA, Ive got Bernies back.
CONTENT: Im the only governor in America ... who signed a law that says there needs to be an independent investigation any time theres a death of someone in police custody.
Node: (5, 25)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clinton voted for virtually every trade agreement that has cost the workers of this country millions of jobs.
CONTENT: The $2.3-billion budget deficit I inherited when I came into office became a $2.9-billion surplus.
CONTENT: I started with a $3.7 billion budget deficit. Now we are projecting a $1.2 billion surplus.
CONTENT: Mike Martinez cut a deal with prosecutors to avoid facing possible jail time and stuck us with his $24,657.50 legal bill.
CONTENT: Says U.S. Senate opponent Eric Hovde supported billions in stimulus for high-speed rail and billions more to bail out banks.
CONTENT: Charlie Crist raised taxes in 2009 and wont rule out raising taxes again.
CONTENT: Says his budget plan would cut our deficits by $4 trillion.
CONTENT: The "pay-as-you-go law ... was a big reason why we had record surpluses in the 1990s."
CONTENT: Ive cut taxes for ... middle-class families, small businesses.
CONTENT: The Legislature passed Gov. Walkers so-called property tax relief bill, but the Republicans are still raising your property taxes.
CONTENT: As Bernie Sanders said, Hillary Clinton voted for virtually every trade agreement that has cost the workers of this country millions, millions of jobs.
CONTENT: There was even a time when (Donald Trump) didnt get an Emmy for his TV program three years in a row and he started tweeting that the Emmys were rigged.
Node: (5, 26)--------------------
CONTENT: Republican (small business tax cut) bill spends $80 million for better Google searches, not job creation
CONTENT: Says her campaign platform includes the biggest investment in new, good-paying jobs since World War II.
CONTENT: Says Democratic U.S. Senate candidate Tammy Baldwin ranks as the most liberal member of the House.
CONTENT: When (Joe Kyrillos) had an opportunity to vote for women in terms of their health care, not once, not twice, but six times, he voted against womens health care in our state.
CONTENT: Says his Act 10 reforms have saved the taxpayers some $3 billion.
CONTENT: Says she has bipartisan support, including 53 sheriffs throughout the state, Democrats and Republicans.
CONTENT: The Washington Times ... pointed out that we had succeeded where previous administrations had failed on spending cuts.
CONTENT: Obama's liberal fiscal agenda: Over $874-billion in new spending.
CONTENT: Says four Democratic state senators voted to raise taxes on Wisconsin workers by another $510 a month so freeloaders can get free state-run health care.
CONTENT: Says he has been able to attract independents and Democrats to win elections in Pennsylvania.
CONTENT: Says Scott Walker enacted the biggest cuts to education in our states history.
CONTENT: Says President Barack Obama did not come into office with the economy in a free fall.
CONTENT: Taxes went down under Jerry Brown.
CONTENT: The state Legislature attempted to "outlaw stem cell research, passes bills about microchips in the brain, and talks about seceding from the Union."
CONTENT: Sherrod Brown was just voted two years in a row the most liberal senator in the United States of America and is more liberal than Sen. Bernie Sanders.
CONTENT: Georgia lawmaker pushes bill banning creation of glow in the dark human-jellyfish hybrids.
CONTENT: John McCain's tax plan will give no reduction "for 100-million American families."
CONTENT: Says Mitt Romney put Planned Parenthood on a state medical board but failed to put a pro-life group on the same board.
CONTENT: As governor, I cut $5 billion in spending.
Node: (5, 27)--------------------
CONTENT: House Republicans who complained they didnt have enough time to consider a constitutional ban against oil drilling shoved through a proposal in just a few days to open state waters to oil drilling.
CONTENT: Congressman Ryan has secured a grand total of $116,838,763 to date (for the Mahoning Valley) and has an additional $27,095,000 pending in FY2010 spending bills.
CONTENT: The state budget has gone up over 80 percent under Rick Perry.
CONTENT: Fred's never had a 100 percent record on right-to-life in his Senate career. The records reflect that. And he doesn't support the human life amendment, which is most amazing because that's been a part of the Republican platform since 1980.
CONTENT: The Republican Party raffled off an AR-15 assault rifle at the 2010 Oregon State Fair.
CONTENT: Says while state leaders have cut funding for our schools and other basic priorities, the amount of money the state is projected to give away through tax breaks increased by a whopping $3.4 billion.
CONTENT: The Republicans have demanded deep cuts in education. Theyve demanded cuts in cancer research and other research to find cures and treatments to diseases.
CONTENT: We are living with a legacy of deficit-spending that began almost a decade ago.
CONTENT: House Speaker Dean Cannon says that freshmen lawmakers account for one-third of the 120-member House, and that two-thirds of the chamber have two years or less experience.
Node: (5, 28)--------------------
CONTENT: Stephen Zappala is the only DA in our state to convict an on-duty police officer of criminal homicide.
CONTENT: Says John Kerry is the first secretary of state to rely primarily on a government account.
CONTENT: Says Donald Trump was a Democrat longer in the last decade than he was a Republican.
CONTENT: McCain called for less regulation21 times just this year.
Node: (5, 29)--------------------
CONTENT: Obama has racked up more debt than any president in history over $5 trillion.
CONTENT: Says Republican presidential candidate and Gov. John Kasich has spent 177 days out of state and used $350,000 in taxpayer money on his costly campaign.
CONTENT: In two years, Gov. McAuliffe has vetoed more bills that the previous three governors issued in each of their four-year terms.
CONTENT: Congressman (Tom) Cotton is the only Arkansan in Congress -- Democrat or Republican -- to vote against disaster relief five times.
CONTENT: Since I came into office we have increased the VA budget by 85 percent.
CONTENT: This year, Newt Gingrich has raised as much money as Mitt Romney, Tim Pawlenty, Sarah Palin, and Mike Huckabee combined.
CONTENT: Says he holds the record for most appearances on Meet the Press.
CONTENT: In her nearly decade and (a) half in Congress, Tammy Baldwin has sponsored 105 bills. Only three have been enacted into law.
CONTENT: Seventy bills [Kendrick Meek] authored, not one of them has passed.
CONTENT: Governor Palin is the most popular governor in the country.
CONTENT: Says Marshawn Lynch is second all-time in terms of average yards per rush only to Terrell Davis.
CONTENT: President Barack Obama (is) the first president in history to cut Medicare by $700 billion.
CONTENT: Says President Barack Obama has launched twice as many strikes (on)countries that are predominantly Muslim than President George W. Bush.
CONTENT: SaysRuben Kihuen only managed in the minority to get one bill passed out of the eight to 10 he introduced during the 2015 legislative session.
CONTENT: Under President Bush in eight years, we added $4.9 trillion to the debt. Under President Obama, weve added $5.3 trillion to the debt in the 3.5 years hes been in office.
CONTENT: During his tenure in Washington and in the Illinois State Senate, Barack Obama has accumulated a record of bipartisan success.
CONTENT: Of the 13 (Bill) Clinton speeches that fetched $500,000 or more, only two occurred during the years his wife was not secretary of state.
CONTENT: Says President Obama has fired more cruise missiles than all other Peace Prize winners combined.
CONTENT: President Obama has declared disasters in 48 of 50 states this year.
CONTENT: Marco Rubio has the No. 1absentee record in the United States Senate.
CONTENT: As a senator, Hillary Clinton has her name on three laws in eight years.
CONTENT: Says Ive authored the first bipartisan tax reform bill in a quarter-century.
Node: (6, 0)--------------------
CONTENT: Hidden in the healthcare.gov code is language that means users waive any reasonable right to privacy of your personal information.
CONTENT: Says under the Affordable Care Act, New Jerseys new (Medicaid) enrollees wont qualify for the matching federal funds simply because we added them onto the rolls before 2014.
CONTENT: Overdosing is now the number one accidental killer in our Commonwealth.
CONTENT: [If] you apply for a job, the chances are 1 in 7 that you are going to be denied that job unfairly if everybody is forced to use E-Verify.
CONTENT: Wisconsin uses voting machines that are outlawed, they are illegal.
CONTENT: Ive gotten to see the commercials that they did on you. And Ive gotten to see some of the most vicious commercials Ive ever seen of Michelle Obama talking about you, Hillary.
CONTENT: Thats legal: If you find out about somebody elses salary even if youre doing exactly the same job, you can be retaliated against, including being fired, in most places.
CONTENT: There are not, nor have there ever been, any boycotts encouraged by our organizations.
CONTENT: ISIS is now the predominantIslamist group in Benghazi.
CONTENT: Congress, criminals, Scientologists and other groups are exempt from Obamacare.
CONTENT: No fracking waste is being dumped in New York State
CONTENT: Our law enforcement agencies have found bodies in the desert, either buried or just lying out there, that have been beheaded.
CONTENT: Says If Oregons Legislature simply authorizes $450 million for the CRC, it will leave Oregon holding the bag for a great deal more cost responsibility.
CONTENT: In America, radical speech is not a crime.
CONTENT: Its just crazy that the government will ... make it illegal to use the old [incandescent] bulbs.
CONTENT: The immigration proposal from the Gang of Eight is not amnesty.
Node: (6, 1)--------------------
CONTENT: Health care reform legislation is likely to mandate free sex change surgeries.
CONTENT: Says the Central Ohio Human Trafficking Task Force is the first task force of its kind in Central Ohio
CONTENT: To deprive underprivileged children of a meat-based protein during school lunch is most likely depriving them of their only source of protein for the day.
CONTENT: The U.S. would gainrevenue by cutting personal income tax rates in half and ending tax breaks.
Node: (6, 2)--------------------
CONTENT: Says every school will be negatively impacted if Education Stability Fund is not tapped.
CONTENT: After hearing the frustrations parents and teachers have with the FCAT, next year we begin improving our testing system.
CONTENT: Says under Oregon law, girls from 15 years of age and up are given complete control over whether to be sterilized or not.
CONTENT: Says it will cost $220 per square foot in hard construction costs to rebuild Portland Public high schools.
CONTENT: The federal Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is collecting financial information, monitoring financial information of millions of Americans without their knowledge and storing it for up to 10 years.
Node: (6, 3)--------------------
CONTENT: Savings that I achieved helped fund cameras on the border. As a result, more than 21,500 arrests have been made and 46 tons of narcotics confiscated.
CONTENT: There are more guns than there are people in the United States.
CONTENT: Early census returns are showing that conservatives have been measurably less likely than liberals to return their census forms.
CONTENT: Gasoline would rise in price by approximately 50 cents a gallon if the McCain-Lieberman bill became law.
Node: (6, 4)--------------------
CONTENT: After four years of a celebrity president 85% (of recent college grads are) moving back in with their parents.
CONTENT: An amazing 5,400 jobs were lost in the first 12 months of the (smoking) bans implementation in Ohios hospitality industry alone.
CONTENT: NAFTA allows a lot of trucks from Mexico, for example, to leave there and ... drive straight through without even being inspected.
CONTENT: If the sequester hits, hundreds of thousands of Americans will lose access to primary care and preventive care like flu vaccinations and cancer screenings.
CONTENT: [N]early one in three primary care doctors are forced to limit the number of Medicare patients they see.
CONTENT: The latest evidence of Republican success is that since the beginning of the current legislative term, state unemployment has gone down almost 20% to 5% adjusted.
CONTENT: Company may close, all because government essentially says if they dont hire a lifeguard to watch their workers, they cant stay open.
Node: (6, 5)--------------------
CONTENT: 75 percent of the (air traffic control) towers the Obama Administration is closing are located in Republican Congressional Districts.
CONTENT: Under economic sanctions, now Iran is suffering 30 percent inflation, 20 percent unemployment.
CONTENT: On the main GOP presidential debate:Not one candidate on the debate stage has military experience
CONTENT: Dave Aronbergs career legal experience is less than two years as Asst. AG/private attorney.
CONTENT: What concerns me is there is only two sentences that have been written about minority business.
CONTENT: A majority of our students are trapped in underperforming schools.
CONTENT: Most voters prefer zombies to the current U.S. Congress.
CONTENT: The Wisconsin school voucher program has no research that shows that its going to improve student learning.
Node: (6, 6)--------------------
CONTENT: Twenty-four percent of doctors in Virginia currently dont accept new Medicaid patients because the reimbursement rates are so low.
CONTENT: Says the national debt and President Barack Obamas refusal to control spending led to our nations credit rating being downgraded for the first time in history.
CONTENT: Eighty-five percent of Floridians who will benefit from expanding Medicaid are single, childless adults.
Node: (6, 7)--------------------
CONTENT: There was just about zero press coverage of the 2007 Bush White House email controversy.
CONTENT: Sixty percent of the auto thefts that we have in (St. Petersburg) are caused by people leaving their keys in the car.
CONTENT: The poorest in this country are women.
CONTENT: Says Justice Elena Kagan recused herself in many cases where she had little role as solicitor general, simply because of the appearance of a conflict of interest.
CONTENT: Trey Radel does not even qualify to drive a Lee County school bus at this point, yet he occupies a seat in Congress.
CONTENT: There are a larger number of shark attacks in Florida than there are cases of voter fraud.
Node: (6, 8)--------------------
CONTENT: Young women, account for a shocking 74% of all new HIV infections among adolescents in Africa.
CONTENT: The nearly six-year delay in approving Keystone is costing Americans more than 100,000 jobs.
CONTENT: Women still do not get paid as much as men, even for the same work, period.
CONTENT: Most of your serial killers, most of your people who commit domestic violence, they start off by abusing animals.
Node: (6, 9)--------------------
CONTENT: You see a whole bunch of Korean cars here in the United States, and you dont see any American cars in Korea.
CONTENT: More than two-thirds of the aliens the Obama administration has brought to the United States under the presidents Central American Minors program werent actually minors at all.
CONTENT: The right-to-work states have much lower level of unemployment than the union states do.
CONTENT: New Jersey has lost over half of our pharmaceutical jobs to states you know, not low-tax states like in the South, but high-tax states like New York.
CONTENT: Sixty million Americans depend on Social Security, and one-third of all the seniors in America depend on Social Security for 90 percent of their income.
Node: (6, 10)--------------------
CONTENT: It takes almost a year for a refugee to be processed in the United States.
CONTENT: An economic impact study found that for every $1 invested in pre-K in Pennsylvania, a total of $1.79 is generated in total spending within the state.
CONTENT: We have been focusing so much, especially the Texas Department of Transportation, on that 97 percent of people in single-occupancy vehicles.
CONTENT: When I came into office, our vaccination rate in Texas was 65 percent. When I left two weeks ago, it was 95 percent.
CONTENT: All (Maryland) crabs are born in Virginia.
CONTENT: We have no regulation of drones in the United States in their commercial use.
CONTENT: The proposed Gogebic iron ore mine is just up the hill from the Apostle Islands National Lakeshore caves along Lake Superior.
CONTENT: Theres going to be a slowdown and delays in flights as a result of the sequester.
CONTENT: Ronald Reagans signature on the 1986 amnesty act gave Barack Obama about 15 million additional Hispanic votes in 2012.
CONTENT: Says the 2014-15 Texas budget increases spending by less than the rate of inflation and population growth.
Node: (6, 11)--------------------
CONTENT: We send a billion dollars to foreign countries every day because of our addiction to foreign oil.
CONTENT: The infant mortality rate is 15 percent higher in states with right-to-work laws.
CONTENT: Estimates say individuals who escaped these high tax states have taken with them around $2 trillion in adjusted gross income.
CONTENT: Democratic tax hikes led $70 billion of wealth to leave New Jersey between 2004 and 2008, and mainly relocate to Florida, North Carolina, Virginia and Pennsylvania.
CONTENT: Many of the companies bankrolling the ad campaign against Amendment 4 are recipients of a congressional bailout, in the form of humongous tax refunds earlier this year.
CONTENT: The state of New York is the worst in the nation in economic recovery.
Node: (6, 12)--------------------
CONTENT: In Texas, a faceless hospital panel can deny life-sustaining care, giving you only 10 days to find another facility for your mother, dad, or young child, even if the patient is conscious.
CONTENT: To give the proposed economic stimulus plan some perspective, "if you started the day Jesus Christ was born and spent $1 million every day since then, you still wouldnt have spent $1 trillion."
CONTENT: New Mexico is the second Hollywood because of tax incentives for the film industry.
CONTENT: It took us four years to balance the budget. Then I gave you four surplus budgets for the first time in more than 70 years, paid $600 billion down on the national debt.
CONTENT: If you look at the jobs lost in the private sector as opposed to the job gains in the public sector, its out of whack. The governments growing and the private economys shrinking.
CONTENT: The president and vice president cant be from the same state.
CONTENT: Travis County is surrounded by red counties.
CONTENT: The $1.8 billion in [transportation] bonding, we dont have a repayment mechanism.
Node: (6, 13)--------------------
CONTENT: I played in a game here against the Pittsburgh Steelers where there was 23 inches of snow. We played in at least 15 inches of that.
CONTENT: The health care reform bill would make it mandatory absolutely require that every five years people in Medicare have a required counseling session that will tell them how to end their life sooner.
CONTENT: When (Ronald) Reagan came in, from 1978 to 1982, economic growth averaged less than 1 percent a year. Theres only one other four-year period where thats true. Thats true from 2008 to 2012.
CONTENT: ... study after study has shown that the death penalty deters murders.
CONTENT: Says it wasnt until he and a Senate colleague were able to wrangle the actual streaming video from BP that scientists were able to calculate the oil spill flow.
CONTENT: In the last 10 years, only one piece of legislation has been cosponsored and passed by John Duncan Jr.
CONTENT: This past (legislative) session, we passed out of the Legislature a resolution requiring Congress to pass a balanced-budget amendment to the (U.S.) Constitution.
CONTENT: Not a single Republican candidate, announced or potential, is clearly and consistently supporting a path to citizenship. Not one.
CONTENT: This is the first time in Texas history -- and only the fourth time in United States history -- that two women are running for the top spots.
CONTENT: When you look at the nearly 150 men and women who have served us on the Texas Supreme Court, more than half of them had zero prior judicial experience.
Node: (6, 14)--------------------
CONTENT: 80 to 85 percent of my campaign funds go to donations to various organizations throughout the City of Providence.
CONTENT: Says PolitiFact validated and independently documented its criminal history claims about Adan Ballesteros.
CONTENT: There was never a single shred of evidence presented to anyone thatthe attacks in Benghazi, Libya, were spontaneous, and in fact, the CIA themselves understood that early on.
CONTENT: I started the whole year as a senior on the University of Illinois football team and led the team in interceptions and tackles from defensive back.
CONTENT: My judicial nominees have waited three times longer to receive confirmation votes than those of my Republican predecessor.
CONTENT: @Jorge_Elorza still think your plan is safe? Rescue Captain Kenyon just worked 96 hours straight. 96 hours.
Node: (6, 15)--------------------
CONTENT: Numerous studies have shown that these so-called right-to-work laws do not generate jobs and economic growth.
CONTENT: SaysVirginia RepublicanScott Taylor has been convicted in at least four different courts across the country, at times failing to even appear, and having a warrant issued for his arrest.
CONTENT: The benefits that were offered to me as a congressman dont even compare to the benefits that you get as a state employee. I just experienced that myself. Theyre not nearly as good.
CONTENT: Says Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison took 154 private flights all funded by taxpayers though commercial flights were readily available at a fraction of the cost.
CONTENT: Never once did they (House Republicans) actually cut spending or reduce the state budget. Even when they cut taxes in 2005, they increased spending. They never paid for their tax cuts.
CONTENT: On average, each U.S. military working dog saves the lives of between 150 and 200 servicemen and women over the span of his career.
CONTENT: Says credit rating agencies realize that our instability stems in large part from Oregons kicker system.
CONTENT: ''I have received more contributions than any other candidate in the race Republican or Democrat.''
CONTENT: Says in his years as a Texas legislator, we passed three pay increases for teachers and provided them with health insurance.
Node: (6, 16)--------------------
CONTENT: Says most of Perrys chiefs of staff have been lobbyists.
CONTENT: The governor is trying to take credit for recent actions taken by these companies. The problem is that for all three companies, the decision to move or stay in New Jersey happened before Chris Christie became governor.
CONTENT: She created the Waste, Fraud and Mismanagement Hotline.... (that) has saved Wisconsin taxpayers hundreds of thousands of dollars.
CONTENT: On the day that (the Republican) state leader resigned in disgrace, a Shred-It' truck rolled up to Republican headquarters.
CONTENT: The EPA has tried to define a puddle or a drainage ditch on your farm to be navigable waters and thus subject to massive environmental regulations.
CONTENT: As attorney general, I have prosecuted judges, district attorneys and other public officials across Texas who violated that (public) trust, who have been corrupted.
Node: (6, 17)--------------------
CONTENT: Rick Scott "was forced to resign as the head of a company that pled guilty to massive amounts of systematic fraud, including 14 felonies, leading to a historic $1.7 billion fine."
CONTENT: Says he followed state law and the precedent of other Massachusetts governors when he erased electronic communications as he left office.
CONTENT: A congressional laundry closed due to the partial government shutdown.
CONTENT: Says as Co-Chair of the Joint Ways Means Committee, I secured the key piece of funding for the Portland-Milwaukie Light Rail project bridge.
CONTENT: Geithner still didn't correct the same type of error for some years, even after the Internal Revenue Service flagged him for the failure to pay the taxes in other years.
CONTENT: The EPA was asked about an environmental citation for the city landfill in Nashua, N.H. but didnt know why it was cited.
CONTENT: Says U.S. Sen. Ron Johnson, R-Wisconsin, was elected in a very low turnout race.
CONTENT: Gov. Rick Scott signed into law a bill that gives Floridas public officials an easy way to avoid disclosing their personal finances.
CONTENT: People want the minimum wage, they want marriage equality, they want womens health care. Theres issues that actually that really do matter, social issues that matter to the people of this state. So I know Barbara would support those issues, I know the governor hasnt. Youve seen the actions hes taken on them.
Node: (6, 18)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Republican Sen. John McCain won more votes for president in Cuyahoga County in the 2008 general election than he did in seven states.
CONTENT: Barack Obama voted against born alive legislation in Illinois that was virtually identical to the federal law.
CONTENT: (Jeb) Bush, not the State of Florida, decided which private emails to disclose.
CONTENT: The new 21st State Senate district was created in secret for Van Wanggaard. It was drawn within half a block of his house.
CONTENT: This week the House of Representatives voted to remove the word lunatic from federal law.
CONTENT: The IRS filed an $11,000 lien against (Allen) West for back taxes. Three liens were placed on his home for unpaid bills, and a judge ordered West to pay over $5,000 for past due credit card bills.
CONTENT: A bill from U.S. Rep. Ted Yohoattempts to restrict the administrations ability to conduct national security and criminal background checks on undocumented immigrants.
CONTENT: The Orange County, Florida, school board voted to make it impossible for a student to receive a grade below 50.
CONTENT: The American Power Act would cut our dependence on oil in half.
CONTENT: The stimulus bill contains $20 million for the removal of small to medium-sized fish passage barriers and $25 million to rehabilitate off-roading trails for ATVs.
CONTENT: Says state Rep. Fred Clark (D-Baraboo) ran a red light and seriously injured a bicyclist.
CONTENT: A state agency wanted to fire an employee who spent four hours per day watching pornography, but the state employment commission reinstated the person.
CONTENT: Says a federal judge in San Antonio issued a ruling that not only could the students not pray at their graduation, if they used the word benediction, the word invocation, the word God, asked the audience to stand or asked for a moment of silence, he would put the superintendent in jail.
CONTENT: Sen. Barbara Boxer passed only three bills in 18 years into law.
CONTENT: Palin (proposed) a $150 bounty for the severed foreleg of each killed wolf.
CONTENT: Thurbert Baker kept a teen in jail "who didn't even commit a felony."
Node: (6, 19)--------------------
CONTENT: As governor of Arkansas, I cut taxes and fees almost 100 times, saving the taxpayers almost $380-million. I left a surplus of nearly $850-million.
CONTENT: Barack Obama "passed laws moving people from welfare to work."
CONTENT: Palin "fired Wasilla's Police Chief because he 'intimidated' her."
CONTENT: Rick Scott's former health care company, Columbia/HCA, committed "fraud."
CONTENT: The Obama administration notified Poland and the Czech Republic about cancellation of major missile-defense facilities "at the last minute in midnight phone calls."
CONTENT: House Republican plan would increase costs for Oregon seniors by $6,000 with health care vouchers instead of Medicare
CONTENT: A Florida judge ruled parts of Obamacare unconstitutional.
CONTENT: Georgia lawmakers balanced the budget without raising taxes on residents.
CONTENT: Says the Obama administration will no longer enforce the Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA).
CONTENT: Says she oversaw an audit that won the city $2 million in franchise fees.
CONTENT: Your Congressman, Charlie Bass, took over $166,000 from Big Oil.
CONTENT: Governor Scott Cut Taxes 40 Times For Florida Families
Node: (6, 20)--------------------
CONTENT: Under President Barack Obamas jobs bill, states would no longer have to lay off teachers, firefighters and police officers.
CONTENT: As Florida's CFO, I shut down Krakow's scam and refunded more than $1.2 million to Josephine and other victims of this con man.
CONTENT: Says David Perdue wants to abolish the U.S. Department of Education, which would cost Georgia schools $1 billion a year and eliminate millions in student loans.
CONTENT: Says Texas state funds were spent on a TV series on spouses cheating on their wives, kind of glorifying the act of cheating.
CONTENT: Says she created the first felony deferred prosecution program for nonviolent first-offenders in Texas.
CONTENT: While many of his colleagues turned down a $2,500 pay raise ... (Jeff) Plale pocketed the extra money.
CONTENT: Says Gov. Rick Scott cut nearly $1 million from mosquito control and closed down the states mosquito research lab a few years ago.
CONTENT: 832,000 people lost their job while (Charlie Crist was)governor.
CONTENT: The proposed transportation bill could be the largest tax increase in Georgia history.
CONTENT: In her short time in the United States Senate, the senator from New York, Senator Clinton, got $500-million worth of pork barrel projects.
CONTENT: Bill White used D.C. connections from his job in the Clinton administration to form a company that did business in the Middle East and defaulted on a $60 million loan.
CONTENT: As Massachusetts governor, Mitt Romney used a line-item veto to cut millions of dollars for firefighting equipment, including firefighters coats, pants, helmets and boots.
Node: (6, 21)--------------------
CONTENT: Romney would turn Medicare into a voucher program.
CONTENT: During the (housing) crisis, Catherine Cortez Masto gave a sweetheart contract worth millions to a D.C. law firm that then donated thousands to her political campaigns.
CONTENT: Shirley Sherrod was forced to resign before anybody on Fox said a word about this.
CONTENT: Marco Rubio spent $400K of your tax dollars remodeling offices, and building a members-only lounge.
CONTENT: Health care reform plans being consided in Congress "will finally reduce the costs of health care."
CONTENT: After a federal inquiry corroborated Hillary Clinton on Whitewater, the next day, there was nothing in the media about it.
CONTENT: By the time Obama took office, The Bush administration had given the car companies $13 billion and the money was now gone.
CONTENT: Says that in his first 17 months as president, the United States doubled its world-leading $500 million a year commitment to fighting global AIDS.
CONTENT: President Barack Obama put in place historic fuel efficiency standards for cars and trucks to lower costs at the pump and reduce dependence on foreign oil.
Node: (6, 22)--------------------
CONTENT: When did the decline of coal start? It started when natural gas took off that started to begin in (President George W.) Bushs administration.
CONTENT: In Iran in 1979, the extremists hijacked the broad-based popular revolution against the Shah and established a brutal theocracy.
CONTENT: Franklin Roosevelt (was) the last president to come to the Congress to ask for permission to engage into war.
CONTENT: Says Chris Christie created this new category where you could get laid off and just be totally denied unemployment benefits forever.
CONTENT: It is simply a fact that insufficient funding for Amtrak has delayed the installation of a positive train control safety system. To deny a connection between the (derailment in Philadelphia) and underfunding Amtrak is to deny reality.
CONTENT: After they bought GST Steel, Mitt Romney and his partners loaded it with debt, closed the Kansas City plant and walked away with a healthy profit, leaving hundreds of employees out of work with their pensions in jeopardy.
CONTENT: The top man at Yale Law School came out ... with just a raging report about former HP CEO Carly Fiorina,saying she isone of the worst executives in his memory in history running the company.
CONTENT: Before I was governor, tuition was skyrocketing and we stopped that. We capped and then we froze college tuition.
CONTENT: Warren Buffett called credit default swaps financial weapons of mass destruction. And Greene was the first individual to use them.
CONTENT: In Afghanistan "the (military) leadership has proposed a new medal, an award for 'Courageous Restraint' ... for 'NOT FIRING BACK.' "
CONTENT: Says Paul Ryans budget would turn Medicare into a voucher.
CONTENT: President Barack Obama deserves to be called the most successful food stamp president in American history because 47 million Americans are on food stamps.
CONTENT: Thomas Jefferson created the Marines for the Islamic pirates that were happening.
CONTENT: (I) helped to invent a system that saved over a billion dollars on welfare.
Node: (6, 23)--------------------
CONTENT: Paul Ryan got his start in politics, as a young staffer just out of college, working for then-Congressman John Kasichs Budget Committee.
CONTENT: Ronald Reagan met with Gorbachev; Kennedy met with Khruschev; and Nixon met with Mao and these were folks who have done horrendous damage not only to their own countries but to other countries.
CONTENT: I'm prolife. I'm not going to apologize for becoming prolife. Ronald Reagan followed that same course, as did Henry Hyde and George Herbert Walker Bush. And I'm proud to be prolife.
CONTENT: Today 46 percent of all Floridians owe more on their home than it is worth.
CONTENT: Many dont know that Bill Young was once the minority leader in the Florida Senate...because he was the only Republican senator.
CONTENT: After my first year as governor, I was one of the most unpopular governors, maybe the most unpopular governor in the country. ... It changed.
CONTENT: I investigated Abramoff and people ended up in jail.
CONTENT: John McCain "began his career in Washington as a lobbyist when he was appointed in 1976 as the Navy's liaison to the United States Senate."
CONTENT: Rhode Island has taken its federal Medicaid funding and shown it can run the program more cost-effectively than the federal government.
Node: (6, 24)--------------------
CONTENT: President Obama took more money from Wall Street in the 2008 campaign than anybody ever had.
CONTENT: Seven presidents before (Barack Obama) -- Republicans and Democrats -- tried to expand health care to all Americans.
CONTENT: As the CEO of eBay, "Whitman started a separate division that only sells porn."
CONTENT: We never had an earthquake in Youngstown until John Kasich was elected Governor,
CONTENT: The Secure Communities Program and 287(g) immigration programs were programs that worked but were recklessly gutted by the Obama administration.
CONTENT: Bill McCollum "cost the rest of us billions" as a member of Congress, including a national debt that "skyrocketed" to $4.7 trillion.
CONTENT: She stood by our National Guard and Reserve and kept standing till they received health care they deserved.
Node: (6, 25)--------------------
CONTENT: Joe Biden brought Republicans and Democrats together to pass the 1994 crime bill, putting 100,000 cops on the streets and starting an eight-year drop in crime across the country.
CONTENT: He took on special interests and won, passing the toughest ethics law yet.
CONTENT: Says the State Department spent $630,000 to get 2 million Facebook Likes.
CONTENT: $50,000. Thats what every child owes today because Washington politicians have run up a huge spending tab and left our kids the bill.
CONTENT: Dave Brat worked on Democrat Gov. Tim Kaines Council of Economic Advisors while Kaine tried to raise our taxes by over $1 billion.
CONTENT: We rank 38th in wages. ... (Rick Scott) goes out around the country and advertises that to other states.
CONTENT: Closing the tobacco loophole would save Missouri taxpayers $50,000,000
CONTENT: Theres $30 billion in expansion funds that weve paid its our money and Nathan Deal wants Washington to keep it.
Node: (6, 26)--------------------
CONTENT: Hillary Clinton "starts off with 47 percent of the country against her."
CONTENT: Says Oregon is near the top or at the top of the list when it comes to capital gains tax
CONTENT: Says Russ Feingold cut Medicare by $523 billion.
CONTENT: We cut a record $15 billion from our state budget.
CONTENT: Donald Trumps decision to skip the Fox News/Google debate in Des Moines is near unprecedented.
CONTENT: Says Scott Walkers views on abortion are more restrictive than any Republican president in recent times.
CONTENT: By the end of Governor Rick Perry's term, he will have drained Texas taxpayers ... of more than $360,000 to pay for the rental mansion he has been living in while the historic Governor's Mansion is repaired.
CONTENT: A new Republican litmus test would have resulted in (the GOP) kicking out Ronald Reagan.
CONTENT: Says Sen. Rand Pauls 2011 budget included a big cut in the CDC.
CONTENT: In Romneys first budget (in Massachusetts), he cut $248.7 million from K-12 education.
CONTENT: As mayor, [Allan Fung] raised taxes three times.
CONTENT: When I left office, there was a $7-million surplus in Providence, but in 2008, the city had a $110-million deficit.
CONTENT: Bill Clinton presided over the biggest expansion of the American economy since World War II.
CONTENT: Says President Ronald Reagan had a month of job creation of 1 million.
CONTENT: In New Hampshire, I spent $3 million. Jeb Bush spent $44 million. He came in five, and I came in number one.
CONTENT: I vetoed more than $3 billion in spending. Lawmakers and I cut taxes for 40,000 small businesses. Now Texas is No. 1 in job creation. The nations five best housing markets are right here in Texas. We balanced five state budgets and we cut state spending.
CONTENT: Says Ronald Reagan was behind in the polls in 1980 going into the debate with Jimmy Carter and then turned around 10 days later and won 40 states.
CONTENT: Says MittRomneys tax plans would give an additional $250,000 tax cut to millionaires and billionaires while raising taxes on the middle class.
CONTENT: Charlie Crist was the only prominent Republican in the country to campaign with Barack Obama before the stimulus passed, on behalf of the stimulus.
CONTENT: Barbara Buono by the numbers: As a Trenton politician, she voted to raise taxes 154 times. Under her, property taxes up 70 percent. Backed a 16 percent sales tax increase. Utilities, nursing homes, cell phones, parking lots, lottery wins, gyms She taxed them all. Architect of Corzines budget, she drove New Jersey $2 billion into debt. Barbara Buono by the numbers: taking New Jersey backwards.
CONTENT: I believe in tax cuts. I believe in being a supply-sider. I cut the income tax I think it was 24 percent. We got 42 percent more revenues.
Node: (6, 27)--------------------
CONTENT: Democrats are kind of falling over each other seeing who can raise taxes faster. It looks like they're going to raise taxes anywhere between 20 to 30 percent.
CONTENT: Democrats have lost more than 900 state legislators since Barack Obama has been president.
CONTENT: Big oil's filling John McCain's campaign with $2-million in contributions.
CONTENT: I won the South Carolina primary in 2004, and I was way behind in the polls at this stage in 2004.
CONTENT: To help balance the 2011-13 budget, Gov. Scott Walker used a credit card approach that pushed over $500 million in debt onto our children and our grandchildren costing state taxpayers more than $150 million in interest.
CONTENT: The Ohio Democratic Party has raised $1.1 million since the November election. A very small percentage of that has come from organized labor.
CONTENT: Republican redistricting plans cut Democrat Nancy Nusbaum out of her state Senate district by a half a block.
CONTENT: Amendment 2 on medical marijuana won a higher percentage of the vote than the last six Florida governors, including Jeb Bushs 2002 landslide.
CONTENT: Like Marco Rubio, Sen. Barack Obama had one of the worst attendance records in the Senate.
CONTENT: The first time he ever voted as a Democrat was here in Florida in 2008. He only voted four times in his life, and he's asking Floridians to come out and vote for him.
CONTENT: Says Jeb Bush oversaw (an) average in-state tuition increase of 48.2 percent during his tenure.
CONTENT: I cut state spending more than anybody (in the 2016 GOP field).
CONTENT: John Kerry was at 4 percent in the polls in December of 2003...and he ended up becoming the nominee of the party.
CONTENT: Almost every poll has shown that Sanders vs. Trump does a lot better than Clinton vs. Trump and, thats true nationally.
CONTENT: Hospitals have already begun layoffs, a direct result of Republican inaction on Medicaid expansion.
Node: (6, 28)--------------------
CONTENT: The years that I was speaker, the Florida House consistently offered leaner budgets than the governor offered.
CONTENT: President Reagan did it (raised the debt ceiling) 18 times. George W. Bush did it seven times.
CONTENT: More than any Republican governor in the 2014 elections, I took a higher percentage of the Republican voteand yet I also carried independents by 12 points.
CONTENT: Rob Portman won the fewest votes of all Ohio U. S. Senate victors since 2000.
CONTENT: Says Obama has never submitted a budget, and Congress has worked for two years without passing one.
CONTENT: A majority of the candidates on this stage have supported amnesty ... I have never supported amnesty.
CONTENT: U.S. Senate candidate Jack Kingston requested more earmarks than any other GA Congressman and all GA GOP members combined.
CONTENT: Montana Democratic Sen. Jon Tester is the largest recipient of lobbyist money.
Node: (6, 29)--------------------
CONTENT: I've cast a couple of 99-1 votes and been the lone dissenter.
CONTENT: Says Democratic runoff opponent Grady Yarbrough twice previously ran statewide as a Republican.
CONTENT: I have won more elections than any chairman since 1938.
CONTENT: This president has offered fewer executive actions than almost any other president preceding his presidency in recent history.
CONTENT: In 2012, Connie Mack missed 178 votes, one of the worst voting records in Congress.
CONTENT: Ive been through four campaigns and have not done any negative campaigning.
CONTENT: Since World War II, only Gerald Ford and Bill Clinton have had worse ratings after seven months than President Obama.
CONTENT: By eliminating the public intervenors office, I was the first one to fire Kathleen Falk.
CONTENT: In Congress right now, were doing the best job we have ever done in women in the federal legislature, but its still only 19 percent.
CONTENT: In 40 years of broadcast, I have never endorsed any candidate.
CONTENT: Says that except for Donald Trump, every other major party nominee for the past 40 years has released their tax returns.
CONTENT: There have been 30 published polls in this election cycle and Harry Reids been trailing in every single one.
CONTENT: Before April 22, we have restored the rights of more than 18,000 individuals, which is more than the past seven governors combined in their four-year terms.
CONTENT: Richard Cordrays nomination to head the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau marks the first time in Senate history that a political party has blocked a nomination of someone because they didnt like the construction of the agency.
CONTENT: Says Ted Cruzswife Heidi will be the very first pro-life first lady.
CONTENT: Says members of the military have sent him more campaign contributions than theyve sent President Barack Obama and more than twice what theyve sent other Republican presidential candidates.
CONTENT: Says if elected, he would be the first Mayor who lives east of 82nd.
CONTENT: Barack Obama ended up getting re-elected by the largest gender gap in the history of American elections.
CONTENT: A request for "an increase in troops sat on desks in this White House (during the presidency of George W. Bush), including the vice president's, for more than eight months, a resource request filled by President Obama in March."
Node: (7, 0)--------------------
CONTENT: John wasn't this raging populist four years ago when he ran for president.
CONTENT: In 1913, it was legal to mail children.
CONTENT: We get 30 percent of our oil from the Gulf (of Mexico).
CONTENT: I was pretty proud of being the only guy on the stage that ever had a job in the private sector.
CONTENT: In Providence, R.I., its illegal to sell toothpaste and a toothbrush to the same customer on a Sunday.
CONTENT: I never considered myself a maverick.
CONTENT: When the NECAP proficiency test is re-given to the kids the second and third time, harder questions are taken out.
CONTENT: Californias proposed tobacco tax diverts 82 percent of the new taxes to line the pockets of wealthy special interests like insurance companies who dont have to help even one more patient.
CONTENT: The auditor [for the city of Providence] was not locked out of access to the citys finances.
CONTENT: Regulations on developers have thwarted construction on county-owned land in Milwaukees downtown Park East corridor.
CONTENT: Of course, there is large scale voter fraud happening on and before election day.
CONTENT: It would be illegal for the Fulton County Commission to raise the county tax rate.
CONTENT: I can't sign money. That's illegal.
CONTENT: By the word religion in the First Amendment, the founders meant Christianity.
CONTENT: Everyone in this country has access to health care.
Node: (7, 1)--------------------
CONTENT: Payday lenders profit from the poor by charging 1,000-plus percent interest.
CONTENT: An audit of the last census found that over 370,000 people living in Texas were not counted, and our state lost an estimated $1 billion in federal funds as a result.
CONTENT: McDonalds hamburgers are only 15 percent real beef. The other 85 percent is meat filler cleansed with ammonia, which causes stomach and intestinal cancer.
CONTENT: Dubai is the only country with huge amounts of imported workers that's actually passed legislation to give these immigrant workers a better deal in the Middle East.
CONTENT: More than half of all drivers licenses issued in California this year have gone to illegal aliens.
CONTENT: In Wisconsin, 300,000 voters were turned away by the states strict voter ID law in the 2016 presidential election.
CONTENT: Says the reasoning behind Portlands high water and sewer rates is all kinds of pet projects unrelated to the core function of the water and sewer bureaus
Node: (7, 2)--------------------
CONTENT: The average age a child is trafficked into the commercial sex trade industry is between 11 and 14 years old.
CONTENT: Since Volvo spurned Georgia for South Carolina in early May, some 3,455 jobs promising more than $800 million in investments have come to the Peach State.
CONTENT: We have an increase in murder within our cities, the biggest in 45 years.
CONTENT: In April 1997, there was a gas out conducted nationwide in protest of gas prices. Gasoline prices dropped 30 cents a gallon overnight.
CONTENT: Says Measure 11 is one of the most significant reasons for decrease in violent crime.
CONTENT: Says the estate tax is a threat to family farms.
CONTENT: Says Austin Mayor Steve Adlers transportation plans linked to Proposition 1 on the ballot remove 27+ miles of traffic lanes around the city, replacing them with lanes dedicated to usage by bicycles and buses.
Node: (7, 3)--------------------
CONTENT: When Deborah took office, the (Sellwood Bridge) project had languished for years, with only $11 million in funds. With her leadership the remaining funding was secured that got the project moving forward.
CONTENT: Says the unemployment rate for African-American youths is 59 percent.
CONTENT: Says potential Democratic opponent Mary Burke implemented the policies of Jim Doyle. Those are the policies that, in his last term, saw the state lose more than 133,000 jobs.
CONTENT: Since 2008, we have cut 5,000 positions from Virginia public schools.
CONTENT: An annual income of $500,000 in Manhattan, believe it or not, is middle class.
CONTENT: Says an alternative to Social Security that operates in Galveston County, Texas, has meant that participants will retire with a whole lot more money than under Social Security.
Node: (7, 4)--------------------
CONTENT: You wonder why you dont see Rand Paul as much; hes still shopping for his billionaire. Hes like the only one who hasnt found a billionaire to fund his super PAC.
CONTENT: Thanks to (Rick) Perrys bad budgeting, the (Texas) highway department has to convert some modern paved state roads back to gravel.
CONTENT: At this particular point in time, looking at the field, theres only one individual thats ever had the uniform of his country onand thats me.
Node: (7, 5)--------------------
CONTENT: The (Jackson) plan (for reforming Cleveland schools) lacks any data or methods proven to raise student achievement.
Node: (7, 6)--------------------
CONTENT: Florida ranks "45th out of 50 states'' for its regulatory climate for business.
CONTENT: Says Maggie Hassan is the only female governor in the country.
CONTENT: The fastest-rising expense in the U.S. Defense Department is health care.
CONTENT: Says Marco Rubio has the worst voting record there is today.
CONTENT: Says cities save an estimated $38 in dental costs for every $1 invested in fluoridation.
CONTENT: Says our deficits are falling at the fastest rate in 60 years.
Node: (7, 7)--------------------
CONTENT: Very little of (the defense) budget less than 10 percent actually goes into fighting ISIS and international terrorism.
CONTENT: The Federal Reserve system has presided over about a 95... percent decline in the U.S. dollar.
CONTENT: Wisconsins Supreme Court justices are deciding fewer opinions in civil and criminal cases than they used to.
CONTENT: The Wisconsin unemployment rate was higher than the U.S. rate during only three months when Mary Burke was state commerce secretary.
CONTENT: Personal income is growing faster in Tennessee on average than any other state in the country.
Node: (7, 8)--------------------
CONTENT: The United States imprisons more than any nation in the world.
CONTENT: There are more people living in this country who were not born here than at anytime in the history of the country.
CONTENT: Schools in some states are spending up to 100 days a year doing test-prep or actual testing.
CONTENT: The price tag amounted to nearly $4,200 for every man, woman and child in the state.
CONTENT: After the Texas cutoff of aid to womens health care services including Planned Parenthood clinics, over 150,000 women lost the only health care they had. Our Medicaid birth rate shot up. It cost taxpayers over $130 million in one year alone in extra Medicaid birth costs.
CONTENT: Our median income here in Providence is the same as the median income in Mississippi.
CONTENT: About $4.89 billion in one-time money was used to balance the current state general revenue fund budget.
CONTENT: Even high estimates for an early draft of the health care plan are less than the $1.8 trillion cost of the Bush tax cuts.
CONTENT: Every engine manufacturer in the United States is now in the state of Texas.
CONTENT: Together we added more jobs than any other area while I was Dane County executive.
CONTENT: Women make 77 cents for every dollar earned by men.
Node: (7, 9)--------------------
CONTENT: If Sen. Hillary Clinton could enact all of her campaign proposals, taxpayers would be faced with financing more than $777.6-billion in new spending over one White House term.
CONTENT: Millennials will be 75 percent of the workforce in the next 10 years.
CONTENT: Weve added, in the last eight years, $4 trillion of debt to the nations obligations.
CONTENT: Says the United States is in the worst recovery from an economic recession since World War II.
CONTENT: After years of 5.5 percent average tuition increases, we now have a two-year tuition freeze for the first time in the history of the UW System.
CONTENT: Under Gov. Scott Walkers proposals, Money is being taken away from workers, and the tax breaks given to major corporations.
Node: (7, 10)--------------------
CONTENT: In the 1950s, "A lot of people got rich and they had to pay a top tax rate of 90 percent."
CONTENT: Today almost half our debt is owned by foreigners.
CONTENT: Since the Fed was created in 1913, the U.S. Dollar has lost 98% of its purchasing power.
CONTENT: Says Texas unemployment is dire in various ways such as a doubling in the jobless rate during Rick Perrys governorship. Also, the Texas rate has increased faster than the national rate during Barack Obamas presidency.
CONTENT: President Barack Obamas spending drove us $5 trillion deeper in debt.
Node: (7, 11)--------------------
CONTENT: The truth of the matter is that during my administration, the FBI's crime statistics show that violent crime was reduced in Massachusetts by 7 percent.
CONTENT: It used to be the policy of the Republican Party to get rid of the Department of Education. We finally get in charge and a chance to do something, so we double the size of the Department of Education.
CONTENT: Says ending the direct payment farm subsidy program could save up to $28.4 billion over ten years that could be used to reduce the deficit.
CONTENT: If every house in Florida had a solar-heated water tank, that would eliminate consumption by 17 percent.
CONTENT: Ive been reducing the number of Democratic Texas Senate committee chairs since I came in as lieutenant governor.
Node: (7, 12)--------------------
CONTENT: If we pass immigration reform, it will make wages go up on average $250 for the average household.
CONTENT: As a Member of Congress, Chris Murphy was raking in $1 million in salary.
CONTENT: The United States doesnt have the highest murder rate among developed countries. You look at Russia, you look at Brazil, those are countries that have 3 to 5 times higher murder rates than what we have here in the United States.
CONTENT: Were the only major oil-producing nation in the world with a self-imposed ban on exporting our crude oil to other nations.
CONTENT: A study from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Harvard, and Dartmouth concluded that Medicaids value to its beneficiaries is significantly lower than the actual cost of the program.
CONTENT: Says Rick Perry and the Republican-controlled Texas Legislature managed to slash the budget of the volunteer fire departments in our state by 75 percent in the last legislative session, reducing their abilities to fight recent wildfires.
Node: (7, 13)--------------------
CONTENT: Says the state auditor found that 37 percent of the 428,000 students receiving free and reduced-price lunches are ineligible.
CONTENT: We are amassing most of our military strength in a country where fewer than 100 members of al Qaeda remain.
CONTENT: If Rhode Island applied a 1-percent sales tax on all items exempt from sales tax, ''the state would receive an additional $89,376,857.''
CONTENT: In a few months, this deal would give Iran $150 billion for its $300 billion to $400 billion economy, which is like $8 trillion flowing into the United States treasury.
CONTENT: We jumped 11 places since beginning this year in terms of being job-friendly.
CONTENT: An iron ore mine in northern Wisconsin could operate for 100 years and generate billion of dollars in economic activity.
CONTENT: Says as of November, we were ranked 45th in the nation in terms of job creation, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics.
CONTENT: Replacing 100,000 old toilets with water-efficient models has saved 2.4 million gallons of water every day.
CONTENT: The University of Wisconsin System budget is the biggest it has ever been.
Node: (7, 14)--------------------
CONTENT: In the year 2013, the Obama administration released 104,000 criminal illegal aliens. They released 196 murderers people with homicide convictions, who are here illegally.
CONTENT: The Seminole gambling compact offers $3 billion in guaranteed revenue, the largest share for any state in history.
CONTENT: A Cornell University research study concludes that ethanol generates a 29 percent energy loss, meaning it takes more than a gallon of gasoline to produce a gallon of ethanol.
CONTENT: Says the 3C Corridor train would have taken an hour and 15 minutes longer to carry passengers across Ohio than it would have taken on a New York Central train in 1935.
CONTENT: The average time someone used to hold a share of stock back in the 60s was eight years. Now, the average time is four months.
CONTENT: GM has "repaid our government loan, in full, with interest, five years ahead of the original schedule."
Node: (7, 15)--------------------
CONTENT: The Agriculture Department estimates that roughly 42 percent of the corn crop will be used to make ethanol -- more than the amount of corn used to feed livestock and poultry in the United States.
CONTENT: State agencies have not identified one single instance where groundwater has been damaged due to hydraulic fracking.
CONTENT: The United States is the leading nation in the world with the highest amount of doubt about the conventional wisdom of climate change.
CONTENT: The White House budget plan will bring domestic discretionary spending to its lowest share of our economy since Dwight Eisenhower was president.
CONTENT: Ive got a 94 percent career voting record in Congress while Bill Nelson has a 92 percent voting record.
CONTENT: The Washington D.C.-area never has a recession.
CONTENT: Republican challenger Bill Flores "has never once voted in a general election in our district."
CONTENT: We will have the highest general revenue in state history next year. Conservative pro-growth policies work in our state.
CONTENT: Were going to be looking at $8 billion a day that were going to be pouring into foreign countries in order to import that make-up fuel that were going to need to take the place of what we could have gotten out of the gulf.
CONTENT: In Libya, America spent $2 billion total and didnt lose a single life.
CONTENT: The most private question on this years form asks for an individuals race, and that question has been asked by every census since the 1790 census conducted under then-President George Washington.
CONTENT: The Republicans didn't have a budget in '02, '04, '06.
CONTENT: Granite State shipbuilders . . . built the first ship that sailed into battle under a new American flag.
Node: (7, 16)--------------------
CONTENT: In general, it appears Wisconsins right to work bill would likely apply to the Green Bay Packers players and their union.
CONTENT: The Great Recession emerged in large part because of tax policies that slashed taxes on the wealthy, failed to invest in the middle class, took their eyes off of Wall Street, and created a perfect storm.
CONTENT: We passed without, frankly, the help of the Republican caucus, we passed 25 tax cuts last year, mostly aimed at the middle class and small businesses.
CONTENT: Smog was invented in Los Angeles. It was. The name was invented. There was a fellow at Caltech and he came up with the idea and they called it smog.
CONTENT: Youve seen where were now going from a $700 million surplus to getting into the next biennium with almost a $750 million deficit.
CONTENT: So far, the Recovery Act is responsible for the jobs of about 2 million Americans who would otherwise be unemployed. ... [And] the Recovery Act is on track to save or create another 1.5 million jobs in 2010.
CONTENT: After hiring a campaign manager in 2006, I got this $100 and something fee ... for hazardous materials.
CONTENT: In 1993 the Republicans embraced a health platform that proudly features an individual mandate as its main component.
CONTENT: Harry Reid says he does more for Nevada. Hes done more for unemployment. We were at 4.4 percent. Now were at 14 percent. Hes done more for the foreclosure rate. We have the highest foreclosure rate in the nation. Hes done more for bankruptcy. We have the highest bankruptcy rate in the nation.
CONTENT: Under Republican-backed state budget, the state education agency estimates expansion of Wisconsins school voucher program could cost nearly $2 billion annually
CONTENT: It took Obama six months to pick out a family dog, but he's cramming health care reform down the country's throat in a fraction of that time.
Node: (7, 17)--------------------
CONTENT: Only a few months ago the FBI arrested three Broward County Commissioners for accepting millions of dollars in trade for illegal favors.
CONTENT: In 1790, the first Congress, which was packed with framers, required all ship owners to provide medical insurance for seamen; in 1798, Congress also required seamen to buy hospital insurance for themselves. In 1792, Congress enacted a law mandating that all able-bodied citizens obtain a firearm.
CONTENT: The Republican budget plan says that 10 years from now, if youre a 65-year-old whos eligible for Medicare, you should have to pay nearly $6,400 more than you would today.
CONTENT: In 2002, Iran was more or less an American ally.
CONTENT: Two weeks ago, a man entered the worlds busiest airport in Atlanta, Georgia, carrying a loaded AR-15 automatic weapon with an extended-capacity, 100-round magazine.
CONTENT: Budget analysts say the looming tax hikes and spending cuts would take us into a recession and kill jobs.
CONTENT: On issue after issue that really were hard to explain or understand, you voted present . . . And anytime anyone raises that, there's always some kind of explanation.
Node: (7, 18)--------------------
CONTENT: Says people who signed recall petitions against Wisconsin state Sen. Jim Holperin received harassing phone calls from out-of-state telemarketers claiming to represent the Democratic Party and insinuating foul play by petition circulators.
CONTENT: At protests in Wisconsin against proposed collective bargaining changes, phony sick notes (were) passed out to excuse striking union members.
CONTENT: Says Nevada lawmakers voted to allow teenaged boys to shower with your teenaged girls in public school locker rooms.
CONTENT: For every $1 spent on mitigation, $4 in post-storm cleanup and rebuilding is saved.
Node: (7, 19)--------------------
CONTENT: Says hes the only licensed firearms dealer in America running for Congress.
CONTENT: Republicans approved 12 times larger tax breaks for people making over 350 grand than for the average middle-class person.
CONTENT: In 1928 school boards sent home letters with children saying that if Al Smith is elected president, you will not be allowed to have or read a Bible.
CONTENT: He's been endorsed by "every major newspaper here in the state of Texas."
CONTENT: Over the last six years, the state of Illinois spent about $320 million on illegal immigrants.
CONTENT: Says Sherwin-Williams is making lead paint and poisoning people around the world.
CONTENT: I sponsored the amendment that expanded the hours of early voting so that people who have irregular work schedules could vote.
CONTENT: Says proposed teacher contract would layer on more restrictive rules.
CONTENT: Sometimes I was the only no vote on the entire board.
CONTENT: Says some Wisconsin state employee contracts gave some employees $4 for bringing in their own lunch.
CONTENT: Says Amazon has removed aneducational game about Gettysburg.
Node: (7, 20)--------------------
CONTENT: Abraham Lincoln visited and some say even danced in (the Ohio Senate) chamber.
CONTENT: As bank president, Alex Sink eliminated thousands of Florida jobs while taking over $8 million in salary and bonuses.
CONTENT: Team Trump has accused Ted Cruz of fraud in Iowa, Texas, Colorado, Oklahoma, Louisiana, Kansas, Maine, Utah and Wisconsin.
CONTENT: A Texas police department bought an ad telling drug dealers, We can take your competition off the streets for FREE.
CONTENT: The majority of public funding for the Marlins stadium came from hotel taxes, the burden of which is incurred by tourists who are visiting our city, NOT the resident taxpayers.
CONTENT: Says the recall elections that aimed to remove him and other Republican officials from office cost tens of millions of dollars to run.
CONTENT: Even today part of Romneys fortune is invested in China.
CONTENT: The Obama administration has used the Espionage Act to go after whistleblowers who leaked to journalists ... more than all previous administrations combined.
CONTENT: The FBI has reopened its investigation into Hillary Clinton ... and discovered another 650,000 emails.
CONTENT: Says that during the first 19 months of the Obama administration, the U.S. detained people from nations designated as state sponsors of terrorism on the southwestern border.
CONTENT: Taxpayers even footed the bill for Perrys trip to a bachelor party in Las Vegas.
CONTENT: BP is setting up claims offices throughout the state.
CONTENT: Congress only funded half the wall between Mexico and the United States.
CONTENT: We ... sold the state airplanes as I had promised.
Node: (7, 21)--------------------
CONTENT: However, it took $19.5 million in Oregon Lottery funds for the Port of Newport to eventually land the new NOAA Marine Operations Center-Pacific.
CONTENT: McCain "hired some of the biggest lobbyists in Washington to run his campaign."
CONTENT: In the 38 Studios deal, Wall Street investors took a risk, and went bust.
CONTENT: When the Republicans were in charge, they actually expanded government health care with the prescription drug program.
CONTENT: Romney outsourced call center jobs to India.
CONTENT: Says hes the first Aggie governor of Texas.
CONTENT: St. Pete Beachs local version of Amendment 4 resulted in seemingly endless lawsuits (that) decimated the citys legal budget and forced the city to raise the property tax rate.
CONTENT: The Convention Center was sold as a building that would never cost taxpayers a dime.
CONTENT: Bill Richardson passed the first law in the nation giving National Guard soldiers $400,000 in life insurance.
CONTENT: Says Catherine Cortez Masto failed Nevada rape victims. While attorney general, thousands of rape kits were never sent for DNA analysis.
CONTENT: The Capitol was built by slaves.
CONTENT: (Stimulus money) went to critically important projects like studying ants in Africa.
CONTENT: The United States isfighting with Iraqis to defeat ISIS along with Iran. But in Yemen were fighting Iran with Iraqis and Saudis.
CONTENT: Under the Obama administrations bailout of General Motors, Ohio dealerships were forced to close.
CONTENT: Charlie Crist signed into law an automatic 15 percent annual tuition increase that put college further out of reach for many Floridians.
Node: (7, 22)--------------------
CONTENT: In 1929, the Secretary of State shut down a program that was collecting information to protect America because it was unseemly, but that move led to millions and millions of deaths in World War II.
CONTENT: Before the terrorist attacks in Benghazi, the State Department not only failed to honor repeated requests for additional security, but instead actually reduced security in Libya.
CONTENT: Last year, (Bill McCollum) spent more than $2.2 million dollars to produce and air campaign-style TV ads where you were featured in almost every frame.
CONTENT: When oil and gas prices sent state revenues up, Palin sent "a large share of that revenue directly back to the people of Alaska."
CONTENT: In Florida, when Jeb Bush was governor, state authorities conducted a deeply flawed purge of voters before the presidential election in 2000 and in2004 a plan to purge even more voters was headed off.
CONTENT: When President Obama landed in Cuba on Air Force One, no leader was there, nobody, to greet him -- perhaps an incident without precedent in the long and prestigious history of Air Force One.
CONTENT: Regulations are an endemic weakness in government -- so old that Thomas Jefferson listed this problem among his charges against the King of England in the Declaration of Independence.
CONTENT: We got [the Quonset Business Park] for free and were getting zero dollars out of it into the state coffers other than the fact that it produces the jobs.
CONTENT: Georgia has recovered more than $60 million that was lost to Medicaid fraud
Node: (7, 23)--------------------
CONTENT: The policy mistakes that ... the Clintons made got us, in large degree, to the situation that we are in today with mass incarceration.
CONTENT: Paul Ryan would outlaw in vitro fertilization.
CONTENT: We closed that plant down. It was a $27 million-dollar plant, operating full steam, and we closed it down.
CONTENT: Washington has incentivized the militarization of local police precincts.
CONTENT: Says in Washington, D.C., Sen. Richard Burr took millions from special interests, went there and cashed in, voted to cut (his) own taxes and raise taxes on working folks.
CONTENT: Mitt Romneys companies were pioneers in outsourcing U.S. jobs to low-wage countries.
CONTENT: The U.S. initially had three federal felonies: treason, piracy, and counterfeiting securities and money.
CONTENT: The lack of an automatic braking system that could have prevented the Philadelphia Amtrak crash wasnt driven by a lack of funding. It just takes a while. They (Congress) just passed it in the recent past.
CONTENT: [When I was mayor] Providence was one of the five renaissance cities of America, according to USA Today in those days. Money magazine said it was the fifth best city to live in in America. In addition to that, All Cities Almanac said in 1994, I believe, that it was the safest city in America.
CONTENT: In Massachusetts, Gov. Romney narrowed the gap between students of different races.
CONTENT: What we have done with the PATRIOT Act, weve given the government enormous powers. Weve given the government the right to reach deeply into peoples private lives, into their business affairs, without a court order.
CONTENT: When each faced a pension funding crisis, Tom Barrett made tough choices and smart cuts while Scott Walker passed $400 million in pension debt to the next generation.
CONTENT: Houston suffered $1.7 billion in operating losses under Mayor Bill White.
CONTENT: Murder went up when Romney was governor. "Robbery went up. Violent crimes went up."
CONTENT: There have been seven investigations (of Benghazi) led mostly by Republicans in the Congress that concluded nobody did anything wrong, but there were changes we could make.
CONTENT: Weve outdrawn the Super Bowl for a little while now in the arenas and stadiums that weve followed them in for the Super Bowl. Weve gone in after [the NFL] and surpassed their ticket sales.
CONTENT: During the Bush administration, you actually had a prominent liberal write a book about how Bush was preparing for a fascist takeover of this country.
Node: (7, 24)--------------------
CONTENT: George Allen and his colleagues in the Senate turned the biggest surplus in the history of the United States into the biggest deficit in the history of the United States.
CONTENT: Says India gained jobs thanks to Romney.
CONTENT: Hillary Clintons State Department sent three comedians to India on the Make Chai, Not War tour.
CONTENT: The United States won every major battle of the Vietnam War. Every single one.
CONTENT: The proposed raises for the Norcross City Council would put it in line with other liked-sized communities.
CONTENT: Says Bill Whites program to bring dropouts back to school was so successful that almost every city in our state has replicated it.
CONTENT: Weve rebuilt China.
CONTENT: I fought to bring about the largest private-sector infrastructure project in North American history.
CONTENT: I built the last nuclear plant not only in the state, but in the country.
CONTENT: I delivered a flat tax for my state. I took my state to No. 1 in job creation. With all due respect to what Rick Perry has said about Texas, we did a little bit better.
CONTENT: Donna Shalala left me with 12 million doses of smallpox vaccine and I created enough to vaccinate every man, woman and child against smallpox in America.
Node: (7, 25)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Alison Lundergan Grimes supports Obamacare, which cuts $700 billion from seniors Medicare.
CONTENT: Mayor Barrett saved Milwaukee $25 million, thanks to Gov. Walkers reforms.
CONTENT: Rick Perry has become a millionaire on the public payroll.
CONTENT: Says Tommy Thompsons tax plan amounts to an average tax cut of almost $87,000 for the top 1 percent.
CONTENT: Paul Ryan cut embassy security in his budget by $300 million below what we asked for.
CONTENT: Hillary stood up for universal health care when almost no one else would, and kept standing till 6-million kids had coverage.
CONTENT: Paul Ryans already spent millions to try and permanently derail Brad (Schneider)s progressive, energized campaign.
CONTENT: As a congressman, Mark Neumann voted four times to increase our debt.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clinton wonhealth care for 8 million children.
CONTENT: I created a flat tax in the state of Utah. It took that state to the number-one position in terms of job creation.
CONTENT: My wife is going to be the first Hispanic first lady in the history of Texas.
CONTENT: Tim Kaine made Virginia the best state for business four years in a row.
CONTENT: Says Mitt Romney had millions in the Cayman Islands, a tax haven.
Node: (7, 26)--------------------
CONTENT: 8 years of the Clintons, major losses for Democrats across the nation.
CONTENT: Bill Howell has been the consistent force behind every major tax increase in Virginia in the last decade.
CONTENT: While Romney was a director of the Damon Corporation, the company was defrauding Medicare of millions.
CONTENT: I have the No. 1 show on NBC.
CONTENT: (After the auto bailout) General Motors is back on top as the worlds No. 1 automaker.
CONTENT: Democrats rang up a $1.42 trillion budget deficit in 2009 the single largest in American history.
CONTENT: When I go on Letterman the ratings go up.
CONTENT: The House Democrats' so-called 'stimulus' has been stuffed with an astonishing $335 million to fund prevention programs of sexually transmitted diseases.
CONTENT: Debt doubled under Bush and now its tripling under Barack Obamas watch.
CONTENT: At Twin River, were more than competitive with nearby casinos in slot machine payouts.
CONTENT: We had the Democratic Governors Association and the Obama political machine come into a Republican primary to try and rig the election by spending $1 million against me in the last couple of days.
CONTENT: John McCain "is proposing tax cuts that would give the average Fortune 500 CEO an additional $700,000 in tax cuts."
CONTENT: (The farm bill) has aprovision that would in many ways reduce the deficit.
Node: (7, 27)--------------------
CONTENT: Every president has raised the debt ceiling.
CONTENT: The fact is, in the past year we have had more tax cuts than almost any time in our nation's history.
CONTENT: Charlie Crist broke the quarter "record for fundraising in a U.S. Senate race in Florida."
CONTENT: I have cut taxes 63 times, including a 2006 property tax reduction that ranks as the largest in state history.
CONTENT: We've won twice as many states. We've won a greater share of the popular vote.
CONTENT: My campaign finished the last quarter reporting the most cash on hand of any Republican in the field $13.8 million in the bank, $3.5 million more than the Jeb Bush campaign.
CONTENT: State Rep. Kathleen Peters has a 100 percent pro-abortion voting record even voting against a ban on sex-selection abortions.
CONTENT: Says President Barack Obama has allowed, each year hes been here, the prosecutions of gun cases (for background check failures) to go down. ... Theyve declined every year since President Bush left office.
CONTENT: Republican plan to extend Bush tax cuts would double deficit projections going forward for the next couple of decades.
CONTENT: Senator Obama has, in fact, never had a serious Republican challenger.
CONTENT: The Obama administration has cut taxes on small businesses 17 times.
CONTENT: While Hillary Clinton plans a massive, and I mean massive, tax increase, I have proposed the largest tax reduction of any candidate who has run for president this year, Democrat or Republican.
Node: (7, 28)--------------------
CONTENT: Says that in the 1985 election former Gov. Tom Kean had the largest winning margin for a gubernatorial candidate in Jersey history.
CONTENT: I haven't missed a vote since 1993.
CONTENT: Says Chris Abele, opponent in Milwaukee County executive race, failed to finish 3 separate colleges, dropping out all 3 times.
CONTENT: Republicans went out of the way to praise (Eric) Holders nomination. ... Not a single Republican senator opposed Eric Holders nomination.
CONTENT: No candidate has run more negative ads in American history than Barack Obama did in 2008, especially in the general.
CONTENT: The GOP platform that seeks further limits on abortion and is silent on an exception for rape has been there for more than 30 years.
CONTENT: Any Republican that has led for two months and led every state has won the GOP nomination.
CONTENT: Twenty-seven out-of-state pharmaceutical companies have raised more campaign dollars (against a drug price control measure) than all other state ballot measures have raised to date, combined.
CONTENT: People have actually broken down the transcripts for oral arguments and (Antonin Scalia) told more jokes and got more laughs than any of the other justices.
CONTENT: Bernie Sanders passed more roll call amendments in a Republican Congress than any other member.
Node: (7, 29)--------------------
CONTENT: As many as six federal department budget bills have been delayed because of opposition to amendments that would ban Confederate battle flag sales at federal building gift shops.
CONTENT: Today, for the first time in fifteen years, Master Locks unionized plant in Milwaukee is running at full capacity.
CONTENT: This is the first time a party has picked up multiple seats during a regular election since the mid 1980s, making this the largest majority of any party in more than 25 years.
CONTENT: I would be the first Republican senator elected in New Jersey in 41 years.
CONTENT: With only 67 bills or so passed into law, 2013 was the least productive year in congressional history since weve been keeping record.
CONTENT: Twenty-six men named William have been elected to statewide office and only seven women have had the honor.
CONTENT: This Congress made history as the least productive, most unpopular Congress in the history of this proud nation.
CONTENT: Says over the last 48 years, every governor at the midterm of his first term or her first term has lost seats in the Legislature, with the exception of Jim McGreevey in 2003.
CONTENT: In 2008 (Mandel) was re-elected to a second term, representing a district with a 2:1 Democrat to Republican voter ratio.
CONTENT: I had the longest judicial vacancy in the history of the United States.
CONTENT: It has been 269 days since (Hillary) Clinton has held a press conference.
CONTENT: As long as I have served . . . This is the first time every single solitary decision has required 60 senators.
CONTENT: San Antonio is now the largest city in the United States ever to have an African American woman mayor.
CONTENT: Ten times, no Republican candidate for president had enough delegates to claim the nomination before the partys convention, and seven of those times somebody who was not the leader of delegates was selected as the nominee of the party.
CONTENT: Since President Obama took office, over 88,000 Ohio workers have lost their jobs.
CONTENT: Its been 14 years since a president or a vice president or a member of their family has not gone and attended at least an event at the Olympics.
CONTENT: Says that several times in the last 15 years, Austin City Council candidates have won seats after trailing by more than 4,000 votes in the election prompting the runoff.
CONTENT: SaysLoretta Lynchs nomination has been now sitting there longer than the previous seven attorney general nominees combined.
CONTENT: The Republican Party has not won a presidential election without either a Bush or a Nixon on the ticket since 1928.
Node: (8, 0)--------------------
CONTENT: Research shows that a vast majority of arriving immigrants today come here because they believe that government is the source of prosperity, and thats what they support.
CONTENT: In the last five years, 28,000 people have been killed along the U.S.-Mexico border.
CONTENT: Says Obama health reform law denies millions access to affordable insurance.
CONTENT: Says unions take away hard-earned money of teachers, firefighters and police officers to play politics.
CONTENT: A 5-cent charge on paper bags is a tax.
CONTENT: A lot of people who go into prison straight, and when they come out theyre gay.
CONTENT: Studies have shown that voter fraud is non-existent in Texas.
CONTENT: While CEOs of some large charities have big salaries, the heads of some veterans groups do the job for free.
CONTENT: For every one job created under the Obama administration, 75 people went on food stamps.
CONTENT: Mercury is used in vaccines, and there is no safe level of mercury.
CONTENT: Only one out of 10 minimum wage workers today are teen age or a young person.
CONTENT: Its possible that non-citizen voters were responsible for Obamas 2008 victory in North Carolina.
CONTENT: Says the health care law rations care, like systems in Canada and Great Britain.
CONTENT: Ten percent of violent deaths in the U.S. each year are due to strangulation.
CONTENT: In the last couple of days, notices were sent (by officials in Ukraine) to Jews in one city indicating that they had to identify themselves as Jews.
CONTENT: More than 43 percent of all food stamps are given to illegals.
CONTENT: The home-mortgage deduction is widely thought to be a middle-class benefit. Its not -- 73 percent of it goes to people making a quarter-million dollars or more a year.
CONTENT: In 40 years, 23,000 chemicals came on the market and only four were regulated.
CONTENT: Only 25 percent of what people buy is subject to Rhode Islands sales tax.
CONTENT: State budget cuts for local schools resulted in nearly 4,000 educator layoffs
Node: (8, 1)--------------------
CONTENT: Farming is one of the fastest growing areas of our economy.
CONTENT: We have a 40 to 50 percent dropout rate in our inner-city schools.
CONTENT: The vast majority of (Syrian) refugees are young, able-bodied men looking for work.
CONTENT: For the first time since 1990, American manufacturers are creating new jobs.
CONTENT: Says that according to a study, under Obamas health care initiative, nearly 90 percent of people in Wisconsin with health insurance will have their costs go up by more than 30 percent.
Node: (8, 2)--------------------
CONTENT: We are now, for the first time ever, energy independent.
CONTENT: Every time weve increased the minimum wage, weve seen a growth in jobs.
CONTENT: Every year since Gov. Walker and the Republicans have been in control of the Legislature weve created fewer jobs, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics.
CONTENT: Austins Stop Abuse for Everyone has seen in its offices sexual assault survivors that report being attacked by their ridesharing drivers, at a rate of one per month.
CONTENT: Says when he was governor, Wisconsin cut unemployment to 2.1 percent and the states unemployment rate was the lowest in the country for 40 consecutive months.
CONTENT: We went from $160 billion deficit spending in (President George W.) Bushs last year to $1.6 trillion the following year.
CONTENT: Says in Canada, the number of CT scan machines per 1,000 people is like one-tenth of what we have here in this country. Thats why people have to wait.
CONTENT: This is the first time since the Depression that unemployment has stayed above 9 percent for two consecutive years.
CONTENT: Since ObamaCare and the stimulus passed, the unemployment rate in the U.S. has increased.
CONTENT: Today, our unemployment rate is 7.8 percent. That is the lowest in five years.
Node: (8, 3)--------------------
CONTENT: Says under President Barack Obama, the debt increased by 23 percent, which was less than under any president going back to Ronald Reagan.
CONTENT: We have more hospitals that are childrens hospitals than any other state in the union. 
CONTENT: Wisconsin state and local government workers pay $500, $600 or in some cases, $1,000 per year in union dues.
CONTENT: More than 125 jobs have been created at the Milwaukee Job Corps Center.
CONTENT: For years now, we have spent more money than we have taken in.
CONTENT: Says under his leadership Wisconsin median household income is up 2.7%, while it is down 1.3% nationally under President Obama.
CONTENT: Over the time that President Obama has been in office, we have lost 2.5 million free enterprise system jobs, and, yet, 500,000 federal government jobs have been added.
Node: (8, 4)--------------------
CONTENT: Says families now pay out 40 percent of their income to taxes.
CONTENT: Virginia is headed towards another surplus this year, unlike most states.
CONTENT: Says Barack Obama has the worst record of any president when it comes to putting America deeper in debt.
CONTENT: Our tax rates are lower now than they were under Ronald Reagan. Theyre much lower than they were under Dwight Eisenhower.
CONTENT: In the early 1960s, all levels of government were consuming about 27 percent of the U.S. economy, a number that has risen to 37 percent today. With that trendline, we cease at some point to be a free economy.
Node: (8, 5)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Mary Burkes Madison school district will be the only school district left in the state to ignore the (Act 10) law in the 2015-16 school year.
CONTENT: Georgia has elected more African-American leaders than any other state in the country.
CONTENT: The average state pension, including managers, is $23,000 a year; and just $14,000 for local government workers.
CONTENT: Says 11 states have more people on welfare than employed.
Node: (8, 6)--------------------
CONTENT: Teachers are working their third consecutive year -- some longer than that -- without salary increases.
CONTENT: Ninety-four percent of the bills that pass the Senate have no debate, no vote, no amendments, no reading of the bill, no online disclosure.
CONTENT: Says the federal government borrows almost $60 billion per week.
CONTENT: Our national debt is as low as it has been since World War II.
CONTENT: Texas ranks 49th in per-pupil funding among the states.
CONTENT: In every state, women are paid less than men.
CONTENT: Says Texas public school funding grew three times the rate of enrollment from 2002 to 2012.
CONTENT: Austin ISD has the highest graduation rate of every major city in Texas.
Node: (8, 7)--------------------
CONTENT: Says approximately 70 percent of jobs created in the United States in November 2007-2008 were in Texas.
CONTENT: The economic impact of Atlantas 2000 Super Bowl was $292 million.
CONTENT: Members of Congress can retire with the same pay after only one term in office
CONTENT: Says Scott Walker eliminated his own office of economic development in the middle of this recession.
CONTENT: Some 20,000 Delphi salaried retirees lost up to 70 percent of their pensions as a result of political favoritism and backroom deals.
CONTENT: Austins the fastest-growing city in the country the last five years.
CONTENT: Some 20,000 Delphi salaried retirees lost up to 70 percent of their pensions as a result of political favoritism and backroom deals.
Node: (8, 8)--------------------
CONTENT: Says between 6 and 20 bicycles can be parked in the space required by one car.
CONTENT: In fact New Jersey is a donor state, we get 61 cents back on every dollar we send to Washington. And interestingly Kentucky gets $1.51 on every dollar they send to Washington.
CONTENT: There were more job losses per month in the last three months under President Bush than in the past three months under President Obama.
CONTENT: For more than 30 years after World War II, there was a steady reduction in U.S. debt as a percentage of gross domestic product.
CONTENT: The R.I. Turnpike and Bridge Authority was supposed to exist only until the bonds used to build the Newport Bridge were paid off through tolls. Once the bonds were paid, the Newport Bridge was to be transferred to the State of Rhode Island and become toll-free.
CONTENT: (The Opportunity Scholarship Act) would be funded directly from public school budgets. So it would absolutely take money out of the public school system to transfer to private and religious schools.
CONTENT: North Carolina spent almost as much as it spends on government rape crisis programs in a year to convene a special session for HB2.
Node: (8, 9)--------------------
CONTENT: Says that in some Texas communities, our unemployment rate is still at 10 and 20 percent.
CONTENT: Texas is one of only a handful of states that does not have an equal pay law.
CONTENT: Expanding Medicaid would create 63k jobs.
Node: (8, 10)--------------------
CONTENT: Says signers of recall petitions against Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker are at risk because of newly discovered provisions in state law.
CONTENT: Jasper County in Texas raised property taxes by 7 percent in order to pay for one death penalty case.
Node: (8, 11)--------------------
CONTENT: What is the maximum number of students allowed in your classroom? ... 30 or more!
CONTENT: Under Ted Cruzs tax plan, businesses will now have to pay 16 percent on the money they make. They will also have to pay 16 percent on the money they pay their employees.
CONTENT: The Obama administration increased the deportation of illegal immigrants convicted of crimes by 70 percent.
CONTENT: Slim Jims just recently cost 99 cents but now cost $2.69.
CONTENT: Since President Obama took office, our federal spending has increased by nearly 30 percent and our national debt has increased by almost 50 percent.
CONTENT: Under Maggie Hassans leadership, we increased state spending in the middle of the great recession by 24 percent leading up to and following it.
Node: (8, 12)--------------------
CONTENT: The United States is not building the aircraft, the long-range bombers, the additional aircraft carriers, the nuclear submarines.
CONTENT: The average student loan debt in Texas is over $22,000...the cost of an average size pickup truck. But unlike car owners, students are not allowed to refinance their loans at lower rates.
CONTENT: Ninety-five percent of the money used for union-operated worker training centers comes from employers.
CONTENT: Says David Dewhurst skipped nine candidate forums after announcing his U.S. Senate candidacy.
CONTENT: Under John McCain's health care plan, people get a $5,000 tax credit to buy a $12,000 health care policy, and "that's a loss for you."
CONTENT: Middle-class families throughout America (would) have to pay $6,000 per year to pay for tax cuts for the wealthy.
Node: (8, 13)--------------------
CONTENT: Some 500 detainees were released from Guantanamo during the Bush administration.
CONTENT: Even if you took literally every single ounce of platinum in the world, it still wouldnt add up to enough needed to pay down our nations debt.
CONTENT: For the state of Florida, there is not an additional cost with implementation of the Common Core standards.
CONTENT: We have a legal immigration system in America that accepts 1 million people a year, legally. No other country in the world even comes close to that.
CONTENT: Every 20 seconds, a child dies because they lack access to clean water and sanitation.
CONTENT: Says Milwaukee County spent over $170,000 in salaries in 2010 for employees to participate in union activities such as collective bargaining.
Node: (8, 14)--------------------
CONTENT: Weve got an average of 5,600 soldiers committing suicide. Thats about 20 a day.
CONTENT: When the Constitution was written, (only) 20 to 25 percent of the people in the country could vote.
CONTENT: Youre more likely to get struck by lightning in Texas thanfind in-person voter fraud.
CONTENT: $360 million of our tax dollars went straight to ... the Taliban.
CONTENT: We are the only industrialized nation that relies heavily on a for-profit medical insurance industry to provide basic health care.
CONTENT: Crimea was part of Russia until 1954, when it was given to the Soviet Republic of the Ukraine.
Node: (8, 15)--------------------
CONTENT: Tampa is the strip club capital of the world.
CONTENT: Were the only nation in the world that does not use the military to secure our border.
CONTENT: Why is January 8th an important date in American history? This day in 1835 is the only day in our history when we have not been in debt.
CONTENT: Thanks to Washington, nearly everyone will pay more in taxes in 2013. Somehow people think its just the wealthy. Its not.
CONTENT: Today, when people retire in Galveston County, Texas, they retire making at least 50 percent more than they would ever get out of Social Security.
CONTENT: Says new EPA water regulations would force the state to make drainage canals every bit as clean as pristine Florida river systems.
CONTENT: Says 97 cents of every dollar played represents over $500 million dollars that is returned to Oregonians every year to help support job creation, schools, state parks and watersheds.
Node: (8, 16)--------------------
CONTENT: Before our last three presidents, you have to go back to the 1800s, early 1800s to find three presidents in a row being consecutively re-elected.
CONTENT: Embryonic stem cell research is at a dead end, with no one good example of a successful treatment.
CONTENT: Most military experts say there is anywhere between 25 and 30 members of al Qaeda in Afghanistan.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clinton wants to let people just pour in. You could have 650 million people pour in and we do nothing about it. Think of it. Thats what could happen. You triple the size of our country in one week.
CONTENT: The city of San Antonio reuses almost 40 percent of its water. You know how much the city of Austin reuses? About 5 percent. And thats not right. We can do better.
CONTENT: Thanks to restrictive and anticompetitive ballot laws, candidates in November 2014 ran unopposed in nearly half of Wisconsins state representative races but in Michigan and Minnesota nearly all races had challengers.
CONTENT: You can go to Georgia and make about $6,000 more a year as a teacher.
CONTENT: Says his elections proposal would allow a potential of 168 hours (of early voting), which I think is the most weve ever had.
CONTENT: In the House health care bill, "Something like 2 percent of the people would [be] eligible even to get the public option."
CONTENT: Well, you know, the Teamsters wanted to drill in Alaska. I voted against drilling in Alaska. So it's not like I'm a slam dunk on every issue.
CONTENT: Under the cap-and-trade bill, homes would have to be retrofitted to meet energy and water efficiency standards before they could be sold.
CONTENT: Because of the Trans-Pacific Partnership weve got a country like Malaysia taking really serious efforts to crack down on human trafficking.
CONTENT: We, the bishops of the United States -- can you believe it -- in 1919 came out for more affordable, more comprehensive, more universal health care.
CONTENT: Unemployment and the housing and auto industry crises can be fixed by giving a million dollars to every worker over age 50 to retire.
CONTENT: There really isnt any kind of foreign policy network that is supporting and advising Sen. Sanders.
Node: (8, 17)--------------------
CONTENT: The proposed Keystone XL oil pipeline is a bipartisan proposal.
CONTENT: The U.S. Justice Department has taken on more than 100 voting rights cases since 2009.
CONTENT: When Social Security was passed, there were all kinds of lawsuits, just as there have been in the legal battle over the new health care law.
CONTENT: Says the Democratic Party createda debate schedule to maximize the opportunity for voters to see our candidates.
CONTENT: Could I just point out that ... I seem to get the first question all the time?
CONTENT: Many of the great scholars say that anchor babies are not covered by the 14th Amendment.
CONTENT: Pediatricians have cut down on the number and proximity of vaccines because they recognize there have been too many in too short a period of time.
CONTENT: A Republican bill that would change John Doe criminal investigations is creating exceptions in the law for politicians.
CONTENT: Both China and Japan have surpassed us, with Japanese cars now getting an average of 45 miles to the gallon.
CONTENT: Let's not blame President Bush for all of this. We've got a Congress who sat around on their hands and done nothing but spend a lot of money ... leaving us $9-trillion in debt that we're passing on to our grandchildren.
Node: (8, 18)--------------------
CONTENT: That luxury jet was over the top. I put it on eBay.
CONTENT: I will keep taxes low and cut them where I can. My opponent will raise them.
CONTENT: Wrong precinct rules exacerbate our provisional ballot problems (and) HB 194 does nothing to solve the wrong-precinct problem.
CONTENT: ObamaCare will use your tax dollars to provide free Viagra to convicted rapists and registered sex offenders.
CONTENT: I don't answer hypotheticals.
CONTENT: Earmarks requested in a federal spending bill included $277,000 for potato pest management in Wisconsin.
CONTENT: No one knows who bought the [38 Studios] bonds. And there was some language put in the bond offer that they must remain anonymous.
CONTENT: The Interior Department is in charge of salmon while theyre in fresh water, but the Commerce Department handles them when theyre in saltwater.
CONTENT: Theres just one piece of legislation that is now law with Sen. Ted Cruzsname on it.
CONTENT: Georgia lawmakers fuel up for the session by feasting on wild hogs.
CONTENT: There was a report that came out from the FBI a warning, not a report ... saying that, in fact, al-Qaida was planning to attack malls during the Christmas holidays.
CONTENT: Requiring photo ID would keep about 200,000 Missourians from voting.
Node: (8, 19)--------------------
CONTENT: Theres no money for Planned Parenthood in the bill that would keep the government open.
CONTENT: A government shutdown could disrupt ... veterans benefits.
CONTENT: Some politicians want to put new taxes on a lot of groceries.
CONTENT: On the Keystone XL pipeline
CONTENT: While the sequester is in effect, the federal government is still funding a study on duck penises.
CONTENT: Ive even cut my own salary -- twice.
CONTENT: Says some in Congress are trying to create a separate government for those with a drop of Native Hawaiian blood.
CONTENT: Democrats give Newports to the homeless to get them to the polls.
CONTENT: A former Clinton administration official and other economists agree that if you keep extending these temporary unemployment benefits, youre just going to extend joblessness even more.
CONTENT: Says 21 million people still suffer slavery today.
CONTENT: It is just a fact that Hamas, apparently the North American spokesperson, is endorsing Senator Obama.
Node: (8, 20)--------------------
CONTENT: The IRS also investigated liberal groups, groups that had progressive in their name. ... The IRS was basically looking at everybody.
CONTENT: The actual (construction) contracts that weve awarded to date have come in several hundred million dollars below estimates.
CONTENT: A majority of Americans still oppose this health care bill.
CONTENT: Says a Lubbock terror suspects alleged plan to use baby dolls to conceal chemical explosives is similar to a 1995 plot to blow up 12 jumbo jets over the Pacific Ocean.
CONTENT: A government report shows that alternatives to the Keystone XL pipeline are worse for the environment.
CONTENT: The U.S. State Department has ordered 160,000 Hazmat suits for Ebola, prompting concerns that the federal government is anticipating the rapid spread of the virus.
CONTENT: Risk analysts listed Donald Trump, a Donald Trump presidency, as one of the top threats facing the global economy, ahead of terrorism.
CONTENT: Women are still paid 82 cents for every dollar a man earns in Texas.
CONTENT: Says Trump ties are made in China, not Colorado. Trump suits in Mexico, not Michigan. Trump furniture in Turkey, not Ohio. Trump picture frames in India, not Wisconsin.
CONTENT: On offshore oil drilling.
CONTENT: Instead of fighting ISIS, (the Saudis) have focused more on a campaign to oust Iran-backed Houthi rebels in Yemen.
CONTENT: On offshore drilling.
CONTENT: On oil drilling off Floridas coast
CONTENT: Says carbon monoxide is still employed to euthanize dogs and cats in 29 Texas animal shelters.
CONTENT: Most of the newspapers that endorsed Alex Sink also endorsed Barack Obama.
Node: (8, 21)--------------------
CONTENT: The Obama administration has been outsourcing by sending money to solar and wind energy companies that end up making their products outside the United States.
CONTENT: Florida is now the No. 1 state in the country for automobile accident fraud.
CONTENT: The Capitol rotunda was actually made to invite the people in and to accommodate protests.
CONTENT: Because of (U.S. Sen.-elect Ron) Johnsons leadership, Senate Republicans adopted a caucus ban on earmarks.
CONTENT: FIFA pressured Brazil into passing a so-called Budweiser bill, allowing beer sales in soccer stadiums.
CONTENT: The Pentagon under the Obama administration has just acknowledged seizing and burning the privately owned Bibles of American soldiers serving in Afghanistan.
CONTENT: Congress secured special Obamacare rules to prevent their healthcare costs from rising.
CONTENT: Congress shoveled $700 billion into the Troubled Assets Relief Program, $325 billion of which has been spent without purchasing any toxic assets.
CONTENT: Snitker has been virtually ignored by the major media.
Node: (8, 22)--------------------
CONTENT: One Wisconsin school district is so worried about losing state funding that it has stopped giving milk to elementary school kids during snack time.
CONTENT: The United States stopped plans to build a missile defense shield in Eastern Europe as a gift to Russia.
CONTENT: When the salmonella source was finally identified, FDA officials had to wait for industry approval before they could go live with the [peanut] recall.
CONTENT: The original compromise for the Confederate battle flag in South Carolina was to put it on the back side of the statehouse, out of public view so it would not have any appearance of sovereignty.
CONTENT: Every year the First Coast Guard District saves 350 lives in the Northeast.
CONTENT: Hobby Lobby provided this (birth control) coverage before they decided to drop it to file suit.
CONTENT: Today, the United States is the most respected country on Earth.
CONTENT: More than 12,500 service men and women have been discharged on the basis of sexual orientation since the Don't Ask, Don't Tell" policy was implemented, at a cost of over $360 million. Many of those forced out had special skills in high demand, such as translators, engineers, and pilots."
CONTENT: With her solution, terrorists can still today and by the way ISIS knows it, they have been advertising it buy guns online and at gun shows in the United States of America.
CONTENT: The RESTORE Act started as an effort to dedicate as much BP fine money as possible towards Gulf Coast restoration but now could steer money to places like the Great Lakes and West Coast.
CONTENT: (Jeff) Atwaters bank was so weak that just a few months ago it was shut down by the FDIC.
CONTENT: Its taken more time to complete the Towpath Trail than it did to build the (Ohio Erie) Canal.
CONTENT: By declaring that Pluto was no longer a planet, the (International Astronomical Union) put into place a planetary definition that would have even declassified Earth as a planet if it existed as far from the sun as Pluto does.
CONTENT: Republicans actually doctored emails between administration officials about Benghazi. Then, they released them to the press, trying to pass them off as real.
Node: (8, 23)--------------------
CONTENT: John Boehner wants to reopen a tax loophole that actually rewarded corporations for shipping jobs and profits overseas.
CONTENT: Florida shelled out more money for drug testing than it saved by denying welfare benefits to people who tested positive for drugs.
CONTENT: Says more than 8,000 people have supported her campaign as volunteers, donors and advisors and endorsers.
CONTENT: The Obama administration has spent millions of taxpayer dollars for roadside signs to tout the economic stimulus.
CONTENT: The Atlanta areas water planning district is now the national leader in conservation.
CONTENT: In the wake of hurricanes Katrina and Rita, offshore drilling "did not cause any real difficulties."
CONTENT: We got back every dime used to rescue the banks.
Node: (8, 24)--------------------
CONTENT: Finance experts estimate that paying in cash for the $2.5 billion in projects funded by the sales tax saved Gwinnett County more than $1 billion in interest payments.
CONTENT: We had bipartisan legislation that got through the Senate that would have prevented bonuses like AIG's "and then somehow mysteriously disappeared."
CONTENT: Says Texas passed a state Dream Act before any other state.
CONTENT: Ted Cruz has been to Iowa four times. Rio Grande Valley of Texas -- just once.
CONTENT: Thousands (in China) owe their jobs to Mitt Romneys companies.
CONTENT: We were one of the first states in the U.S. to build sewers, to bring the treatment plant on line.
CONTENT: Says Americans invented Pong, Space Invaders and the iPhone.
CONTENT: The passage of the teacher tenure bill in the Fla. Legislature was like the health care bill in Congress because one party jammed it through.
CONTENT: When I served as City Commissioner, we made great strides we successfully fought for, and won, adding women and people of color to the Fire Bureau.
CONTENT: For the cost of the Iraq War we couldve ended world hunger for 30 years.
CONTENT: Were making more than ever off oil and gas right now, but its no secret that oil production in Texas peaked in the 1970s.
CONTENT: Another great endorsement! Barrow Journal explains the difference between me and Jody Hice.
Node: (8, 25)--------------------
CONTENT: Mark Warner voted for nearly $1 trillion in new taxes and $7 trillion in new debt.
CONTENT: Every president since Franklin Delano Roosevelt has had fast-track trade authority.
CONTENT: The U.S. Navy has sailed ships around the world for 60 years with nuclear power plants on them and we've never had an accident.
CONTENT: Says Charlie Crist raised taxes on the middle class by $2.2 billion.
CONTENT: Says Rep. Renee Ellmers voted for the government shutdown 21 times.
CONTENT: Im also the only lieutenant governor to not take a security detail.
CONTENT: Says President Obama helped more than half a million veterans and military family members go to college through the Post-9/11 G.I. Bill.
CONTENT: Says his office has already recovered over $2 billion from Wall Street for the workers, retirees, and investors who were harmed.
CONTENT: Irans regime is responsible for more than 1,000 American casualties during the Iraq war and has plotted a terrorist attack here in our nations capital.
CONTENT: Charlie Crist stopped layoffs of some 20,000 school teachers during the global economic meltdown.
CONTENT: We have seen hate crimes skyrocket in the wake of the immigration debate.
CONTENT: Since Debbie Halvorson has been in politics, Illinois has lost hundreds of thousands of jobs.
CONTENT: In my attorney generals office, weve cut the budget 18 percent.
CONTENT: Says Mark Hass raised your taxes by $1 billion in a single day.
CONTENT: We got a million jobs.
CONTENT: Says the Army is spending $7 million to sponsor a NASCAR team.
Node: (8, 26)--------------------
CONTENT: Rick Perry has never lost an election and remains the only person to have won the Texas governorship three times in landslide elections.
CONTENT: Sen. Obama has always had a 100 percent prochoice rating.
CONTENT: Says Williamson County Attorney Jana Duty has never prosecuted a single adult felony case.
CONTENT: Sen. Arlen Specters party switch could end up giving Republicans the ability to filibuster judicial nominees at the Judiciary Committee level so that the nominees never get out of committee.
CONTENT: Shutdowns are a normal part of the constitutional process, with 12 shutdowns under Democratic House Speaker Tip ONeill and two during his own speakership.
CONTENT: Huckabee "was one of the highest taxing governors that we had in this country and rivaling Bill Clinton in terms of the Cato ratings."
CONTENT: U.S. Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison has voted nine separate times to raise the national debt ceiling.
CONTENT: Sotomayor has had her rulings thrown out by the court a troubling four times.
CONTENT: We have provided at least 16 tax cuts to small businesses.
CONTENT: America is No. 1one in oil and gas.
CONTENT: Says with Jon Corzine, its the first time, I think, in history where a former Senator has been subpoenaed to testify before his former colleagues.
CONTENT: No one in American history has moved from a June 16 announcement to a May 26 winning of a majority. Trumps achievement is remarkable.
CONTENT: We now have a pro-American president in France, which shows if you live long enough, anything can happen in this world.
CONTENT: Theres 21 congressmen and senators that have been convicted of felonies that still get their retirement, even in jail. They dont have to wait until theyre 65.
CONTENT: Chris Christie has led New Jersey to a record-breaking 9 credit downgrades.
CONTENT: Were at the point of reaching 2 million deportations ...this is a historic level, more than any other president of the United States.
CONTENT: My Treasury team eliminated a 900-case backlog in the Crime Victim Compensation Program.
CONTENT: Her opponent: zero times a judge, zero rulings, zero experience on the bench.
Node: (8, 27)--------------------
CONTENT: I'm the only person on this stage who has worked actively just last year passing, along with Russ Feingold, some of the toughest ethics reform since Watergate.
CONTENT: We have been in Afghanistan longer now than we have been in any foreign land conducting a war in our nations history.
CONTENT: The president has had 1,540 of his nominations confirmed, only four defeated.
CONTENT: I have had the challenge during this administration to suspend no less than 37 public officials in about 36 months.
CONTENT: The state budget proposal has been submitted on time and [its] the earliest that a governor has done so in over two decades.
CONTENT: The last time Republican U.S. Senate candidates beat more than two (incumbents) was 1980.
CONTENT: I was the most bipartisan senator in the United States Senate.
CONTENT: Our race was the closest U.S. Senate race in Ohio in 36 years -- when Howard Metzenbaum defeated Robert Taft in 1976.
CONTENT: A shocking 20 veterans are committing suicide each and every day, especially our older veterans.
CONTENT: With those first principles, it allowed a fellow like me to get in his truck and go from one end of the state to the other; started 20 points down and wound up 20 points ahead on election night.
CONTENT: Weve broken by millions the all-time record for votes in a GOP presidential primary election.
CONTENT: In the history of the United States, 168 presidential nominees have been filibustered, 82 blocked under President Obama, 86 blocked under all the other presidents.
CONTENT: Historically, Senate ratification of arms control treaties has been bipartisan.
CONTENT: Since 2000, when he entered politics, Jon Husted has been on the ballot six times for three different political offices.
CONTENT: An effort to repeal voting-reform legislation would be the first time in Ohio history where a bill has been passed to stop a referendum.
CONTENT: Since 1904, the Ohio victor has won the presidency 25 out of 27 times
CONTENT: Says U.S. Senate Democrats have gone without any budget at all for more than 1,000 days.
CONTENT: Since 1900, six (U.S. Supreme Court) justices have been confirmed during election years, including Justice Anthony Kennedy, who was confirmed in the final year of the Reagan Administration.
CONTENT: Three courts have found the new health care law constitutional and two have found it unconstitutional.
CONTENT: We were the No. 1 job creator in America in February and we are now the No. 4 job creator in the last year.
Node: (8, 28)--------------------
CONTENT: Military "recruiting went on at Harvard every single day throughout the time (Kagan) was there."
CONTENT: When we've got CEOs making more in 10 minutes than ordinary workers are making in a year ... then something is wrong.
CONTENT: No openly gay man has ever been elected to the Georgia Legislature.
CONTENT: There has never been an alderman who has defeated an incumbent mayor in the history of this great city.
CONTENT: Six justices on the U.S. Supreme Court have been confirmed in presidential election years since 1912.
CONTENT: Says 10 days after Hurricane Katrina, this chamber passed two separate bills amounting to $60 billion. It has been nearly two months since we had Superstorm Sandy, and nothing has passed.
CONTENT: Right now, in every major poll, national poll and statewide poll done in the last month, six weeks, we are defeating Trump, often by big numbersand always at a larger margin than Secretary Clinton is.
CONTENT: In the past four years, (the U.S. Senate) has only passed nine out of 48 appropriation bills.
CONTENT: The Milwaukee Police Department has seized nearly as many firearms this year as the much larger New York City Police Department.
CONTENT: The House of Representatives has never sued a sitting president in all of U.S. history.
CONTENT: In the past decade in New York State more than 30 current and former state officeholders have been convicted, sanctioned or accused of wrongdoing more than any other state.
CONTENT: For more than 80 years, there has not been a nomination and confirmation of a Supreme Court Justice in a presidential election year. This is simply not the time to break with decades of bipartisan practice.
CONTENT: Multnomah County has faced 11 straight years of cuts
CONTENT: Six justices on the U.S. Supreme Court have been confirmed in presidential election years since 1912.
CONTENT: Says state lawmakers have voted to spend virtually all of the Rainy Day Fund four times since the funds creation.
CONTENT: In the last 6 years, there have been 420 elections for State Senator and State Representative. Only three incumbents have been defeated!
Node: (8, 29)--------------------
CONTENT: 22 veterans take their own lives each day.
CONTENT: Says that the federal gas tax has not been raised since 1993.
CONTENT: We are coming up on our 40th anniversary of electing a Republican to the United States Senate. 1972 was the last time New Jersey sent a Republican to the United States Senate.
CONTENT: Theres never been a (U.S. Supreme Court) vacancy in the last, I think, 30 years, lasting longer than 237 days.
CONTENT: Weve dedicated more money from (Washington Countys) transportation budget to bike and ped projects under my watch than at any time in the history of Washington County.
CONTENT: There is no precedent for what the Democrats are doing with this deception. ... We have never written a reconciliation bill to amend a law that does not exist.
CONTENT: Currently, there is no one from South Austin on the (Austin City) Council!
CONTENT: In a period of roughly 72 hours, a small group of angry black students managed to force the resignation of the two highest ranking officials at that school.
CONTENT: Outside of recall elections, theres never been a public official removed from office in Wisconsin for anything but malfeasance in office.
CONTENT: House Bill 2301 never had a public hearing
CONTENT: There has not been a Democratic woman in Congress from New Jersey in almost four decades.
CONTENT: Jerry Brown gave California state employees collective bargaining powers and now, state employees can retire at 55 with much of their salary for life.
CONTENT: One would have to go back more than a century to find a scenario where a presidents nominee for the Supreme Court was confirmed by the opposition party in the Senate when the vacancy occurred during an election year.
CONTENT: Its highly unusual to have a Supreme Court confirmation in a presidential election year. The last one was 1940.
CONTENT: No Democratic campaign for (Fla.) governor has ever had these kinds of resources this early on in an election cycle.
CONTENT: Says that from 1992 through 2010, every statewide candidate drawing over 43 percent of the vote in a Republican Texas primary won the resulting runoff.
CONTENT: Kansas has not elected somebody other than a Republican (to the U.S. Senate) since before The Wizard of Oz hit the movie theaters.
Node: (9, 0)--------------------
CONTENT: Of our 98,000 teachers who are K-12, over 53,000 of those teachers today are over 50 years old.
CONTENT: Says he raised average family income by 50 percent during his tenure as Arkansas governor.
CONTENT: Says real estate taxes were put in place to pay for Obamacare.
CONTENT: Says she was the first in her family to go to a four-year college.
CONTENT: Wisconsin is one of the few states in the country that do not currently require a photographic identification to vote.
CONTENT: A study of private bail bond systems showed that Wisconsin has a higher no-show rate than other states of defendants skipping court appearances.
CONTENT: Every 1 percent increase in the cost of health insurance today causes about 30,000 Georgians to be uninsured.
CONTENT: In 2006, Planned Parenthood performed more prevention services and cancer screenings than abortions, but in 2013, there were more abortions.
CONTENT: Planned Parenthood is the only health care that a significant number of women get. About 30 percent of women, thats their health care.
CONTENT: When the New Hampshire Legislature raised the gasoline tax, gas prices in the state were skyrocketing.
CONTENT: Since Obamacare became law, most of our new jobs have been part-time jobs.
CONTENT: Redskins is used historically as a term of respect.
CONTENT: Two years ago motorists in Ferguson, a city of 20,000 people, received 31,000 citations. Thats at least one citation per person plus 10,000 for visitors. The city is still surviving only on traffic tickets; theres virtually no industry there.
CONTENT: For every single illegal immigrant family in this country, it costs $20,000 it costs us $20,000; $20,000 in infrastructural costs. They pay about $10,000 in taxes.
CONTENT: In the state of Rhode Island 25 percent of our current physicians are graduates of for-profit medical schools.
CONTENT: We spent twice as much per capita for health care in this country as the next closest nation.
CONTENT: Says Alaska Sen. Mark Begich supported President Barack Obamas economic policies 97 percent of the time.
CONTENT: One-third of the gasoline is purchased by out-of-state people in Virginia
CONTENT: In the last year, Wisconsin ranked third in Midwest job growth.
CONTENT: Says 93 percent of blacks in America are killed by other blacks.
CONTENT: Says he balanced the budget without raising taxes.
CONTENT: Says he has engaged in the political process only in the past decade.
CONTENT: 25% of human trafficking victims are located in Texas.
CONTENT: Says the majority of candidates in Texas 25th Congressional District live outside the district.
CONTENT: I had prostate cancer, five, six years ago. My chance of surviving prostate cancer, and thank God I was cured of it, in the United States, 82%. My chances of surviving prostate cancer in England, only 44% under socialized medicine.
Node: (9, 1)--------------------
CONTENT: A third of all the young people in America are not in America today because of abortion, because one in three pregnancies end in abortion.
CONTENT: Says nearly 1 million people are coming to town in the next 20 years.
CONTENT: Almost 1,000 people a day are moving to Florida because they are more free here than they are in some other states.
CONTENT: Georgia is one of seven states to lose jobs in 2011 and has lost 8,200 jobs so far.
CONTENT: Appalachian Power Company is making record profits.
CONTENT: Over the last four years, the deficit has gone up, but 90 percent of that is as a consequence of President George W. Bushs policies and the recession.
CONTENT: One out of every three students currently today is ready for college before they go there.
CONTENT: Says 160,000 kids stay home every day because they are afraid to go to school because of bullying.
CONTENT: Only three in 10 Texas doctors are currently accepting new Medicaid patients.
CONTENT: Workers in the United States are making less than they were almost 20 years ago, and yet they are working harder.
CONTENT: Mequon and Milwaukee have the highest disparity of income in the country.
CONTENT: For the last decade the climate has been cooling.
Node: (9, 2)--------------------
CONTENT: The U.S. economy is recovering slower than Europe
CONTENT: When Obama took office the economy of the United States was actually shrinking for the first time in about 70 years.
CONTENT: Says uncompensated health care costs absorbed by Texas hospitals are adding $1,800 a year to Texas private insurance rates.
CONTENT: Says there are fewer jobs in America today than when Barack Obama became president.
CONTENT: Says combined inflation and unemployment rates in October 2011 were the highest since Ronald Reagan succeeded Jimmy Carter.
CONTENT: Rhode Island voters are moving away from the Democratic party to non-affiliation
Node: (9, 3)--------------------
CONTENT: During the past four years, average wages have barely budged.
CONTENT: The Koch network (is) spending more money (in a Senate race) in Ohio than anywhere else in the country.
CONTENT: Over the last 20 years, the world has changed. It used to be that one could make a career out of working for one company. Today, the average worker stays at his or her job for barely four years.
CONTENT: Only five Texas counties account for almost 90 percent of the (states) cattle industry.
CONTENT: Forty years ago, hardly anybody in the country had health insurance.
CONTENT: Iowa has the fourth fastest-growing personal income in the United States, while nationally, the real wage has decreased over the past eight years that Congressman (Bruce) Braley has been there by 2.7 percent.
Node: (9, 4)--------------------
CONTENT: As far as standing committees, we have 10 fewer standing committees. So weve saved the state about a quarter-of-a-million dollars through the reduction of the standing committees.
CONTENT: Say the ratio of CEO pay to average worker pay in the U.S. is 475 to 1.
CONTENT: Out of the total U.S. military budget, significantly less than 10 percent of that money is used to fight international terrorism.
CONTENT: I have little doubt that we've moved into recession at this point.
CONTENT: The per-pupil cost in the [Blackstone Valley Prep] Mayoral Academy far outweighs the per-pupil cost in Cumberland public schools.
CONTENT: Every time the price of gasoline rises 1 cent, its abillion dollarsout of our economy that goes to Saudi Arabia.
CONTENT: Thirty-one percent of school districts are still receiving less funding per pupil than they did prior to the dramatic budget cuts of 2011.
CONTENT: Eighty-five percent . . . of Rhode Island tax returns that were filed for the year 2010 . . . were from individuals who earned $30,000 or less.
CONTENT: Although Democrats represent only 10 of Florida's 25 districts, their districts received 60 percent of the stimulus funds.
Node: (9, 5)--------------------
CONTENT: Says this House processed and approved as many bills as previous Legislatures.
CONTENT: Lloyd Doggett made millions off companies like Bank of America while they took taxpayer bailout money.
CONTENT: On abortion.
CONTENT: U.S. military uniforms are manufactured in China.
CONTENT: Austin is the largest city in the U.S. or Texas with no geographic representation on its city council.
CONTENT: The average cost for health insurance in Florida went from about $600 a month for an individual to about $150 a month.
Node: (9, 6)--------------------
CONTENT: Says you can buy four light bulbs for $1.99 at Walmart, while a single compact fluorescent lamp (CFL) costs $10 a pop.
CONTENT: Says there are more federal dollars in Gov. John Kasichs budget plan than in the previous state budget.
CONTENT: Says Anthropology is a STEM (science, technology, engineering, math) field.
CONTENT: The debt-ceiling bill doesnt cut the debt. It will add about $7 trillion in new debt over the next 10 years.
CONTENT: Eighty-five percent of every dollar donated to the Clinton Foundation ended up either with the Clintons or with their staff to pay for travel, salaries, and benefits. Fifteen cents of every dollar actually went to some charitable beneficiary.
CONTENT: Social Security, like I told you, is out of money. This year it is borrowing from the general treasury.
CONTENT: How many concerts would Taylor Swift have to perform to pay off one day of interest on our national debt? She would have to perform every day for three years.
CONTENT: Our school test scores are right at the bottom.
Node: (9, 7)--------------------
CONTENT: Obama "hasn't been to Iraq in years."
Node: (9, 8)--------------------
CONTENT: In reality, there have been no problems whatsoever with the Texas voter ID law.
CONTENT: If Gov. Rick Scott activates the National Guard in anticipation of a federal disaster, the states costs, including the costs to recall any furloughed guardsmen, will be fully reimbursable by FEMA.
CONTENT: Every dollar spent in the new Obamacare system ... goes to private-sector insurance companies.
CONTENT: Every illegal immigrant can be eligible for up to $36,000 to $38,000 in earned income tax credits without paying a dime in.
Node: (9, 9)--------------------
CONTENT: State government spending will be increase 10.7 percent this year.
CONTENT: In FY 2014 Planned Parenthood performed 327,653 abortions while receiving $528 million from taxpayers, in violation of the Hyde amendment.
CONTENT: The Senate version of the economic stimulus package includes "millions of dollars to World War II Filipino veterans in the Philippines."
CONTENT: The new beverage tax will increase the cost of sodas, juice drinks, sports drinks, iced teas, and flavored water up to 50%.
CONTENT: Under Donald Trumps tax plan, 51 percent of single parents would see their taxes go up.
CONTENT: According to the Congressional Budget Office, repealing Obamacare would increase the budget deficit.
CONTENT: We spent $223-million on a bridge in Alaska to an island with 50 people on it.
Node: (9, 10)--------------------
CONTENT: The stimulus includes "$7 million to build a bridge in Thedford, Nebraska, to help 168 residents avoid a 30-second wait at a local train crossing. Not one full-time job will be created."
Node: (9, 11)--------------------
CONTENT: When President Franklin D. Roosevelt started Social Security, it only affected widows and orphans, and when Medicare began, it was a small program.
CONTENT: The Pell bridge is a tourism bridge essentially and not a commuter bridge.
CONTENT: It costs about $40,000 a year for a homeless person to be on the streets.
CONTENT: In Virginia, people are going and getting marriage licenses who are 12 and 13, and 14 and 15 years old.
CONTENT: Washington politicians are paid over $200,000 an hour for speeches.
Node: (9, 12)--------------------
CONTENT: As a senator, Hillary Clinton paid women less than the men in her office.
CONTENT: The Interior Department has only 30 days to review an exploration plan submitted by an oil company. That leaves no time for the appropriate environmental review. The result is, they are continually waived.
Node: (9, 13)--------------------
CONTENT: According to David Cay Johnston, the average American pays about 22 percent of their income to federal taxes. The richest 400 Americans pay about 16 percent of their income to federal taxes.
CONTENT: In Cranston, it costs $5,000 to $6,000 to send out community notifications on just one Level 3 sex offender.
CONTENT: The marijuana that kids are smoking today is not the same as the marijuana that Jeb Bush smoked 40 years ago.
CONTENT: There are a multitude of vaccines that do not prevent deadly and crippling diseases.
CONTENT: In 1947, when I was born, there were about 450,000 lions. In the mid-70s, when my kids were born, there were about 100,000. Today, there are less than 30,000.
CONTENT: Solar and wind energy are both cheaper than nuclear right now.
CONTENT: None of $400 million the City of Austin proposes to spend on road projects will be used to add new lanes to congested roadways.
CONTENT: Taxpayers pay $18,000 a month for House Speaker Nancy Pelosis district office in downtown San Francisco.
Node: (9, 14)--------------------
CONTENT: There are a lot of casinos across the country that have gone bankrupt.
CONTENT: Weve got a personal tax system thats so complicated it costs Americans about $500 billion a year to comply with the current tax code.
CONTENT: Since 2013 alone, the Obama administration has allowed 300,000 criminal aliens to return back into United States communities. These are individuals encountered or identified by (Immigration and Customs Enforcement), but who were not detained or processed for deportation because it wouldnt have been politically correct.
CONTENT: If you rent a U-Haul to move your company, it costs twice as much to go from San Francisco to Austin than the other way around, because you cant find enough trucks to flee the Golden State.
CONTENT: A proposed mine in Wisconsin is about two-thirds the size of Lake Winnebago.
CONTENT: AIDS was transmitted to humans because one guy had sex with a monkey and then started having sex with men.
CONTENT: In the stimulus, "$15 million dollars went to 'build a bigger, better airport' for the town of Ouzinkie, Alaska, population 165."
Node: (9, 15)--------------------
CONTENT: Providences port is 200 miles closer to Europe than any other Eastern port.
CONTENT: Why is President Obama unnecessarily delaying your flight? FAA could cut other spending.
CONTENT: There are 3 million jobs available in America that are not filled because too many of our people dont have the skills for those jobs.
CONTENT: When is a farm bill not a farm bill? When 90 percent of it is for food stamps.
CONTENT: Every other democracy in the world has a health care system that covers everybody, and we don't.
Node: (9, 16)--------------------
CONTENT: If you ask how many times did Ronald Reagan attend a fundraiser when he ran for re-election in 1984, the answer is eight times. If you say how many times did Barack Obama attend a fundraiser in 2012, the answer is 228 times.
CONTENT: Georgia is one of the 10 most tax-friendly states for retirees.
CONTENT: We're building a nearly $40-billion natural gas pipeline, which is North America's largest and most expensive infrastructure project ever.
CONTENT: Says the University of Texas can afford to build a medical school because it has a $7 billion endowment and its football program had a $50 million profit last year.
Node: (9, 17)--------------------
CONTENT: The Social Security trust fund is sound. Without anything being done, it would function well into 2038; and even after that time with no changes, we could pay 80 percent of the benefits that people have earned.
CONTENT: It isnt me cutting the budget. Its the Congressdecision on sequestration. So it isnt secretary of defense or the president doing this.
CONTENT: There have been literally hundreds of new tax preferences and loopholes added to the code since 1986, last time we did this.
CONTENT: Drone technology now allows an individual to be recorded in their homes by drones as small as birds and immediately uploaded to the internet.
CONTENT: A gas tax holiday is a gimmick that "every economist says will just go into the pockets of the oil companies."
Node: (9, 18)--------------------
CONTENT: The government -- not the armed forces -- is stockpiling hundreds of millions of rounds of ammunition for domestic use.
CONTENT: We spend more money on lobbying than we do on campaigns.
CONTENT: Oil money from federal leases can only be used to clean up the mess and damages from drilling.
CONTENT: Very few men outlive their own fertility.
CONTENT: Republicans would give seniors a (Medicare) voucher that limits whats covered, costing seniors as much as $6,400 more a year.
CONTENT: The Congressional Budget Office has this economic model where they measure the economy going forward, and they are now telling us that the entire economy crashes in the year 2037 because their computer simulation cant conceive of any way in which the U.S. economy can continue.
CONTENT: In this bill that Ive just signed, we dont cut anybodys salary. We dont take away their pension. And we dont destroy their health care.
Node: (9, 19)--------------------
CONTENT: We borrow money from the Chinese to buy oil from the Saudis.
CONTENT: There is no evidence to support the claim that Guantanamo is used as a recruiting tool for terrorists.
CONTENT: The overall fact about illegal immigration is that its not actually getting worse.
CONTENT: Theres only one of us whos actually cut government spending -- not two, theres one and youre looking at him.
CONTENT: Members of the public are being charged $50 to hear Gov. Scott Walker and a dozen members of his administration talk about jobs and the economy at Lambeau Field.
CONTENT: In fact, oil spills from tankers are far more common than the very rare leaks from rigs or pipelines.
CONTENT: Science is very certain that the measles vaccine doesnt cause autism.
Node: (9, 20)--------------------
CONTENT: On offshore drilling for energy
CONTENT: Fox News uses photo of a married couple promoting traditional marriage and the photo is actually of a same-sex couple.
CONTENT: While states used to have regulatory power over fishing, federal law now regulates down to the tenth of the inch the minimum size of fish that anglers can keep.
CONTENT: The federal government owns tens of thousands of properties that are vacant or underused.
CONTENT: Planned Parenthood is an organization that funnels millions of dollars in political contributions to pro-abortion candidates.
CONTENT: The Obama administration actually cut out the democracy in Egypt funds inside the State Department.
CONTENT: North Carolinas coast is possibly the best place in (the) U.S. for an offshore windfarm.
CONTENT: Says its not true that Florida black bears are an apex predator.
CONTENT: Monarch butterflies are becoming extinct because of increased use of crops genetically modified to withstand pesticides.
CONTENT: Many state and federal agencies have such navigators involved in helping folks maneuver through the often complex processes associated with filing benefits claims, for example -- even buying health insurance.
CONTENT: A loophole still exists which allows members of Congress and high-powered executive branch appointees to exploit 'insider' knowledge of the financial industry in order to turn personal profit.
CONTENT: On oil drilling
CONTENT: 150,000 (oil spill) claims have been filed by Floridians, but only 40 percent of them have been paid.
Node: (9, 21)--------------------
CONTENT: The FCCs net neutrality policy includes whatis essentially a massive tax increase.
CONTENT: The majority of teams (are) now spending their dollars on the offensive side of the football.
CONTENT: Currently, the intelligence community can collect business records on law-abiding Americans who have no connection to terrorism.
CONTENT: $700 billion was robbed (from Medicare) to pay for Obamacare.
CONTENT: Large phone companies and their trade association have hired 35 registered lobbyists to influence and pass SB 271 (deregulation legislation).
CONTENT: Says Fran DeWines made-from-scratch dinner rolls are a delicious favorite in a traditional Thanksgiving dinner.
CONTENT: Illegal tobacco sales, price driven too high, has been connected to at least several cases of funding terrorism against us in multi-year investigations over the last decade and a half.
CONTENT: Today Russia holds many of our most precious national security satellites at risk before they ever get off the ground.
CONTENT: Obamacare carries on even under a government shutdown.
CONTENT: The United States (is) the largest provider of humanitarian assistance to displaced persons and refugees.
Node: (9, 22)--------------------
CONTENT: We know that Saudi Arabia started al-Qaida.
CONTENT: The so-called defense minister of the Peoples Republic of Donetsk ... actually posted a bragging social media posting of having shot down a military transport. And then when it became apparent it was civilian, they pulled it down from social media.
CONTENT: In every ethics case that has resulted in a formal sanction, theres been an investigative subcommittee thats been established first.
CONTENT: For the first time ever, we completely funded the critical needs waiting list so persons with unique abilities can get the help they need.
CONTENT: Gwinnett County government has made significant cutbacks in staffing.
CONTENT: Says President Barack Obama gives students the right to repay (federal) loans as a clear, fixed, low percentage of their income for up to 20 years.
CONTENT: Wall Street megabanks that received bailouts in 2009 now get taxpayer-funded advantages not available to community banks in Ohio.
CONTENT: Says state Rep. Diana Maldonado of Round Rock uses Craigslist to hire campaign block walkers.
CONTENT: Says Florida refused to allow theinsurance commissioner to negotiate lower rates with companies or refuse rates that are too high under Obamacare.
CONTENT: Says the Texas Department of Agriculture seeks to purchase up to 300,000 promotional stress balls.
CONTENT: Says a careless attitude and poor oversight by the Texas Department of Agriculture led to deaths and illnesses traced to a Texas peanut plant.
CONTENT: Says PPS employees have paid their own PERS contributions for many years.
CONTENT: Texas AM University - Commerce offers counseling, safe spaces for students who are afraid of President-elect Trump.
CONTENT: Oil companies showered regulators (at the Minerals Management Service) with gifts and favors, and were essentially allowed to conduct their own safety inspections and write their own regulations.
CONTENT: Says Saudi Arabia, a U.S. ally, has paid to export throughout the world Wahhabism -- an extreme form of Islam that basically teaches Americans are the devil.
CONTENT: The first professional baseball team was from an Ohio city.
CONTENT: The U.S. House rule barring members from wearing hats while in session dates back to the 1800s and can be waived by the speaker.
CONTENT: Says Fox News gave Republicansenators twice the air time as Democrats during a hearing about theIslamic State.
CONTENT: Tennessees appeals court judges were selected by a handful of party officials in Nashville before the system of merit selection was put into effect.
CONTENT: The problem with invasive species today in the Great Lakes isnt ballast water.
Node: (9, 23)--------------------
CONTENT: Says a highway was closed in El Paso because of bullets flying across the border.
CONTENT: It is ironic that (First Energy Corp. is) going to have a name on our (football stadium) where we (Cleveland Public Power) supply the electricity.
CONTENT: Says these Jersey Shore folks, theyre from New York.
CONTENT: Cuba wants to let the Chinese drill in some of the very parts of the gulf that American producers are currently forbidden to touch, as close as 45 miles off the Florida coast.
CONTENT: Gov. Rick Scotts sale of the state planes was not proper.
CONTENT: The United States decided waterboarding was torture back when we court-martialed American soldiers for waterboarding Philippine insurgents in the Philippine revolution.
CONTENT: If you will go look up the definition of act of God, weve used it in legal terms for a long time in this state.
CONTENT: The Confederate battle flag never flew over Texas, but... you might soon see it on our license plates.
CONTENT: I've seen (life) from the factory floor when I was working the graveyard shift ...and I'd be ankle-deep in water at the Murray Ohio bicycle plant where I was running a machine that was so loud I couldn't hear myself yell if I wanted to.
CONTENT: Says Oregonians for Food and Shelter proudly features board members from Monsanto and Syngenta and the (Oregon) Farm Bureau also receives funding from biotech companies.
CONTENT: Says Alex Sink even supported a tax on homeowners insurance policies.
Node: (9, 24)--------------------
CONTENT: Says a lawmaker seeks to defund Planned Parenthood for cutting children into small pieces.
CONTENT: Says Florida rubber-stamped phony horse racing.
CONTENT: You've heard endlessly about waterboarding. It happened to three terrorists.
CONTENT: Kilmartin has helped pass laws to create a witness protection program.
CONTENT: An overwhelming majority of Republican and Democrat law enforcement leaders have endorsed Brad Schimel.
CONTENT: Florida retirees and families lost tens of thousands of dollars in deposits on failed Trump condo projects, but he pocketed their money and walked away.
CONTENT: Says that in the recent year homeowners across Ohio have signed mineral rights agreements and I understand that over a billion dollars worth of leases have been signed to date.
CONTENT: Says Scott Walker cut back early voting and signed legislation that would make it harder for college students to vote.
CONTENT: Several elected state officials have opened their homes to children in need of loving families.
CONTENT: The FL Guard has defended our freedom in Afghanistan, Iraq, and put their lives at risk; now the fed govt is going to cut their pay 20%.
CONTENT: Every day, oil continues to pour into the Gulf of Mexico. ... Even with disaster on our coast..., Richard Burr voted to let big oil off the hook.
Node: (9, 25)--------------------
CONTENT: Top U.S. intelligence officials have toldevery member of Congress, including the president, were about to be attacked in a serious way because (of) the threat emanating from Syria and Iraq.
CONTENT: Rhode Islands voter identification law was pushed by a black Democrat in the House, a black Democrat in the Senate. Thats a fact.
CONTENT: Georgia has saved $20 million through changes in criminal sentencing.
CONTENT: I am very proud that over my almost 30 years of public service I have had no scandals.
CONTENT: She stood by ground zero workers who sacrificed their health after so many sacrificed their lives and kept standing till this administration took action.
CONTENT: Ohio lost 400,000 jobs on his (Ted Stricklands) watch.
CONTENT: Obama "voted for ... $3-million for an overhead projector at a planetarium in Chicago."
CONTENT: I have the experience as Senate Budget Chair of cutting $4.5 billion in spending -- to close the deficit while protecting education and health care.
CONTENT: Joe Morrissey has been a delegate in the General Assembly for eight years with no laws passed to help our black community with education or workforce.
CONTENT: Wars in Afghanistan and Iraq have cost every U.S. family $45,000.
CONTENT: Decorated Marine, two-tour Iraq war vet.
CONTENT: Weve seen priests beheaded by the Islamic rebels on the other side. Weve also seen an Islamic rebel eating the heart of a soldier.
CONTENT: Halliburton defrauded American taxpayers of hundreds of millions of dollars in Iraq.
CONTENT: Says Jennifer Horn, chairwoman of the N.H. Republican Party, owes $92,000 in back taxes.
CONTENT: Georgias U.S. senators voted for legislation that would gut clean air protections and increase oil dependence.
CONTENT: The federal government has made investments in science and technology inventing the products that led to the creation of Google.
CONTENT: Four (maybe five) Latinos have served on the Austin City Council.
CONTENT: As we watch the news from Colorado with horror and sympathy for the families, we should remember that each day more than 80 Americans are killed by gunfire, unnecessary tragedies.
CONTENT: Rigells car dealership made over $400,000 off the Cash for Clunkers bailout.
CONTENT: U.S. Sen. Johnny Isakson has voted for $7 trillion of our national debt!
CONTENT: We bailed out Johnson Controls when we saved the auto industry and now they want to avoid paying taxes.
Node: (9, 26)--------------------
CONTENT: The budget I managed at the Department of Education was more than $60 million.
CONTENT: We have had some significant accomplishments on a bipartisan basis.
CONTENT: Commercial buses in the United States have a stellar safety record, a safety record that exceeds that of any other commercial mode or surface transportation mode.
CONTENT: Says his administration has made progress on border enforcement by putting more boots on the southern border than at any time in our history and reducing illegal crossings to their lowest levels in 40 years.
CONTENT: We balanced the budget with the 1997 Balanced Budget Act, and ultimately had four consecutive balanced budgets.
CONTENT: We have completely turned our economy around.
CONTENT: Were already bombing seven countries.
CONTENT: Says the state budget includes spending on commercials for Fortune 500 companies.
CONTENT: Almost 88,000 United States service members are still missing and unaccounted for, dating back to World War II.
CONTENT: DeKalb County has graduated five police academies and three fire academies to help reach its ambitious hiring goals in both departments.
CONTENT: We've lost over 5,000 Americans over there in Afghanistan, in Iraq, and plus the civilians killed.
CONTENT: The United Nations has conducted 172 successful peacekeeping missions and negotiations.
CONTENT: We waterboard, incidentally, hundreds of our own military personnel. They waterboard themselves in training to toughen themselves up.
Node: (9, 27)--------------------
CONTENT: We just had the best year for the auto industry in America in history.
CONTENT: The nuclear test conducted in our nation this time is the Earth's 2,054th nuclear test. The five permanent members of the U.N. Security Council have conducted 99.99 percent of the total nuclear tests.
CONTENT: Says 88 Texas constables have died in the line of duty.
CONTENT: Enacting the Right-to-Carry Act would amount to expanding the rights of sex offenders, terrorists, child predators, and abusers to carry concealed weapons across state lines.
CONTENT: I can put 10,000 people to work. Electricians, plumbers, sheet metal workers -- by retrofitting all of the state buildings for energy independence or efficiency.
CONTENT: Members of Congress "have not reduced their salaries ... since the Great Depression," meaning they've gone "eight decades without a pay cut."
CONTENT: Eighty-three law enforcement officers have died in the line of duty this year. Twenty-four of them were shot and killed in cold blood.
CONTENT: The Democratic health care law added 12 years of solvency to Medicare.
CONTENT: The facts show that approximately 40 persons on death row have had all of their appellate review completed and await only the governors signature on a death warrant to end the case.
CONTENT: We've heard talk about curbing our use of fossil fuels in nearly every State of the Union address since the oil embargo of 1973.
CONTENT: It has been 80 years since a Supreme Court vacancy was nominated and confirmed in an election year. There is a long tradition that you dont do this in an election year.
CONTENT: The (New England) Patriots were led by an explosive offense that scored the second most points in the NFL.
CONTENT: Weve got to find 2 billion gallons (of water per day) between now and 2025.
CONTENT: Huckabee "granted 1,033 pardons and commutations . . . more clemencies than the previous three governors combined."
CONTENT: Were now the No. 1 producer of oil in the world. Weve surpassed Saudi Arabia.
CONTENT: Sarah Palin "has had 12 years of elected office experience."
CONTENT: The United States invented the community college. Nobody else had ever done anything like it.
CONTENT: No member of the American public has ever been killed by commercial nuclear power a record unmatched by other fuels.
CONTENT: The HOPE scholarship has helped turn our University System into one of the best in the Southeast, with two institutions ranked in the top 20 of public universities in the country.
CONTENT: Says tenure still exists but its been overhauled for teachers in New Jersey.
Node: (9, 28)--------------------
CONTENT: Says 18 states and the District of Columbia have voted Democratic in six consecutive presidential elections.
CONTENT: Saturdays shootings reflect a disturbing trend. Mass shootings have become commonplace since the Virginia Tech massacre in 2007. There have been dozens of incidents where three or more people have been fatally wounded. Hundreds have died.
CONTENT: Says in our region, 2011 was worst drought year ever recorded.
CONTENT: Of the four statewide races this century within a 300-vote margin, three have been overturned in a recount.
CONTENT: We havent passed a budget in more than three years and not a single appropriations bill has been brought to the floor this year.
CONTENT: If President Barack Obama strikes a nuclear deal with Iran, the next president could revoke such an executive agreement with the stroke of a pen and future Congresses could modify the terms of the agreement at any time.
CONTENT: Thanks to our policies, for the first time in state history, we have put millions of dollars into our rainy day fund in consecutive years.
CONTENT: 29 mass shootings have been committed by concealed carriers since 2007, while during this period only one (1) licensed civilian meaningfully intervened in a mass shooting.
CONTENT: We have had over 40 days this summer where it was unsafe to breathe the air.
Node: (9, 29)--------------------
CONTENT: For the first time in history, the share of the national popular vote margin is smaller than the Latino vote margin.
CONTENT: No other Northeastern state has passed a photo ID law
CONTENT: The Mack Penny Plan for the federal budget would balance our budget by 2019 and continues to gain support.
CONTENT: General Electric hasnt really created any jobs in this country, doesnt pay any taxes, and theyre making historic profits.
CONTENT: Iowas Republican caucus stopped mattering years ago. It in no way determines the party nominee.
CONTENT: There has never been a death caused by a [commercial nuclear] reactor in the United States, even when Three Mile Island failed in the 1970s.
CONTENT: For the first time in history, my administration posts our White House visitors online.
CONTENT: Florida has issued more than 3 million conceal carry permits in the past 30 years. Only 168 have been revoked.
CONTENT: Ive never voted for a Democrat when there was a Republican on the ballot.
CONTENT: Fifty percent of the graduating class of the year 2012 will have smoked marijuana or have done illegal drugs.
CONTENT: Theres no correlation between primary turnout and wins in the fall in the last 11 elections.
CONTENT: After merging with Tim Hortons of Canada, Burger King is not moving. Our headquarters will remain in Miami and (we) will continue to pay all of our federal, state and local U.S. taxes.
CONTENT: Wisconsin does not have a deficit. Thanks to Republican reforms, the 2014 budget will begin with a $443 million surplus.
CONTENT: Seneca Jones Timber Co., aiming to increase logging and allay fears that old growth will be cut, says mills have shifted to second-generation trees. An ad from the company asks: Do you know that most all mills in Oregon have retooled over the past 20 years?
CONTENT: Since the salary for state lawmakers was raised to $79,500, that purchasing power has now been reduced to $53,000.
CONTENT: Its the first time in the nation this many members have been drawn (by a Legislature) into the same districts where it wasnt a court order.
CONTENT: Rhode Island will become just the second state to mandate the vaccine and the only state to do so by regulatory fiat, without public debate, and without consideration from the elected representatives of the people.
CONTENT: Says 282 Texas school districts have requested emergency waivers to increase elementary school class sizes because of unprecedented fiscal challenges.
Node: (10, 0)--------------------
CONTENT: In 2010 alone, 1,270 infants were reported to have died following attempted abortions and notably that is only one year.
CONTENT: The working tax cut created over 40,000 new jobs in just the last four years.
CONTENT: Says that in 2007, Oregon ranked 25th -- or 7th from the bottom -- in percentage of children with untreated decay compared to 32 other states with similar data.
CONTENT: Over 73% of all donations raised (from the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge) are going to fundraising, overhead, executive salaries, and external donations.
CONTENT: Between 2008 and 2014, criminal aliens accounted for 38 percentof all murder convictions in the five states of California, Texas, Arizona, Florida and New York.
CONTENT: Ninety percent of the people who work in this country work for companies under 100 people, maybe even less than that.
CONTENT: Says Barack Obama grew up in Kenya.
CONTENT: The crime decline in the United States would be fairly small if it wasn't for the crime decline in New York City.
CONTENT: Rhode Islands teen binge drinking rate is double the national average.
CONTENT: The national unemployment rate has been above 8 percent for a record 36 months.
CONTENT: The state government workforce grew when Tim Kaine was governor.
CONTENT: 100 percent of the crime is committed, in estimate, by about 15 percent of the population.
CONTENT: Says unemployment in Ohio is significantly higher than the unemployment rate in states which are not forced union states and its always been that way.
CONTENT: If you are driving on average in America this summer, you'll save according to Department of Energy figures about $70.
CONTENT: Says there were only about eight or 10 inflammatory sentences in his newsletters.
CONTENT: There was a 57-percent decrease in fireworks-related injuries in 2000 [after Connecticut legalized sparklers] compared to the 14 years prior.
Node: (10, 1)--------------------
CONTENT: There is no evidence that poor people abuse drugs more frequently than any other socio-economic group.
CONTENT: The average minimum wage worker is 35 years old.
CONTENT: Says in Newark were paying 80 percent of the school budget from local property taxes.
CONTENT: Wisconsin ranks 48th out of all 50 states in venture capital investment.
CONTENT: The Bush tax cuts created about 8 million jobs over the first 10 years that they were in existence. Weve lost about 5 million of those jobs during this recession.
CONTENT: Says salaries and benefits for Wisconsin state employee comprised 8.5 percent of the 2009-2011 state budget.
Node: (10, 2)--------------------
CONTENT: Oregon is the only state out of the 50 states in the USA that continues to pay 100% of the medical benefits for its employees and their families.
CONTENT: Rural schools enroll 40 percent of American children, but receive only 22 percent of federal education funding.
CONTENT: Portland Community College serves more students than all of the states universities combined.
CONTENT: China holds 26 percent of the U.S. debt.
CONTENT: We spend almost twice as much per capita on health care as do the people of any other country.
CONTENT: Mitchell International Airport is the the third busiest airport in the world and the number one busiest in the country.
CONTENT: Says the federal government is earning more tax revenue now than any other time.
CONTENT: Two-thirds of American families rely on the mothers income to stay above the poverty level.
CONTENT: The top 1 percent of income-earners pay about 40 percent of all taxes into the federal government.
CONTENT: Rhode Island has invested less in tourism, economic development and economic development personnel than four nearby states.
CONTENT: Thirty-seven percent of Central Falls retired police officers and firefighters are out on disability pensions; in most municipalities, about 5 percent of retirees collect disability pensions.
CONTENT: Says Houston is home to more doctors, more nurses, more researchers than any other place in the world.
CONTENT: In the United States alone we lose more than 3,000 people a day to cancer.
CONTENT: San Antonio has seen 67% growth in water customers in the last 25 years, 0% more water used.
CONTENT: In the last four years, our economy has grown on average 0.9 percent a year.
CONTENT: The steel industry is producing as much steel in the United States as it ever was. Its just (that) it needs one-tenth of the workers that it used to.
CONTENT: On (the federal minimum wage of) $7.75, you cant even make half the poverty level.
Node: (10, 3)--------------------
CONTENT: Only 2 percent of public high schools in the country offer PE classes.
CONTENT: Says Every legislative district in the state has at least one craft brewery and countless home brewers.
CONTENT: We spend twice as much per capita on health care as any other nation on Earth.
CONTENT: The State of Rhode Island has the worst state-funded pension in the country.
CONTENT: Ohio has lost more population than every other state in the country except for two.
CONTENT: Says the U.S. Postal Service has taken no taxpayer aid since 1971, funds operations entirely from the sale of stamps and related products and makes an operational profit year after year.
CONTENT: 76 percent of doctors support the use of medical marijuana
CONTENT: New Jersey is the only state in the union that spent less on higher education than it did at the beginning of the decade.
CONTENT: Global surface temperatures have been flat for 16 years.
CONTENT: We have only one person on the (TVA) board, to my knowledge, who even has any corporate board experience.
CONTENT: In Texas public schools, we spend an average of $12,000 per pupil per year.
CONTENT: Says pension contributions under Gov. Chris Christie would represent 75 percent of the total contribution made between the years 1995 and 2010. Thats right, in 15 years, total state contribution was only $2.1 billion.
CONTENT: Oregon has the sixth highest combined death tax rate in the country.
Node: (10, 4)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Mitt Romneys campaign has already spent more on negative ads than John McCain did during his entire presidential run.
CONTENT: 99% of NJ voters do NOT support hunting.
CONTENT: The Wisconsin Retirement System for public employees is a self-funded pension plan and its the money of the workers that funds it.
CONTENT: Of every three dollars in food stamps for the needy, seven dollars in salaries and pensions (go to) the bureaucrats who are supposed to be taking care of the poor.
CONTENT: On campaign contributions from electric utilities.
CONTENT: The Earth is not warming.
CONTENT: Our tax code is . . . 80,000 pages.
Node: (10, 5)--------------------
CONTENT: Not even old Gen. Eisenhower saluted military personnel as president.
CONTENT: Austins Pease Elementary is a school that was created as part of the Texas Constitution.
CONTENT: Says Jeff Stone = Scott Walker.
CONTENT: Congressional lawmakers earn their salaries FOR LIFE, which for House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi would add up to $803,700 Dollars a year for LIFE including FREE medical.
Node: (10, 6)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Target installed urinals in a womens bathroom to accommodate the ones who have giblets.
CONTENT: Obamacare was patterned after (Mitt Romneys) plan in Massachusetts.
CONTENT: We dont show people playing these games. We dont show them winning playing the video lottery games.
CONTENT: You must list all your guns on your 2010 tax return.
CONTENT: Says because of Hurricane Sandy in Atlantic City much of that boardwalk no longer exists -- just the pillars where the boardwalk used to be.
Node: (10, 7)--------------------
CONTENT: Says my advocacy questioning contracting out in Parks delayed and altered the renewal of the Brooks contract, and reduced the number of contracted employees in Parks from over 100 to fewer than 40.
CONTENT: When the governor announced his jobs budget, 99 folks from the Department of Taxation were let go the next day.
CONTENT: My recommended budget includes $1 billion in new state funding for education.
CONTENT: My son had to resign his job because of federal regulations that Washington has put on us.
Node: (10, 8)--------------------
CONTENT: I havent raised taxes in the time Ive been the governor of New Jersey.
CONTENT: Michelle Obama ordered $400 worth of lobster and caviar at a New York hotel.
CONTENT: A third of the budget for the city of Ferguson (Missouri) was being reaped by civil fines.
Node: (10, 9)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Florida didnt offer special incentives to Deutsche Bank, which announced it will add 300 jobs in Florida.
CONTENT: The @nytimes sent a letter to their subscribers apologizing for their BAD coverage of me.
CONTENT: There are currently delays of up to six months in the processing of DNA evidence at the state run crime lab.
CONTENT: Amendments (Hillary Clinton) supported and voted for in 2006, she no longer supported in 2008, showing she changed positions on an India nuclear deal.
Node: (10, 10)--------------------
CONTENT: Under Rick Scott, homeowners are paying higher (home insurance) premiums for less coverage.
CONTENT: Says he paid one dollar for a sweater at Kohls.
Node: (10, 11)--------------------
CONTENT: Obamacare includes a $700 billion cut from Medicare for seniors.
CONTENT: Some of these members of the House of Representatives get hundreds of thousands of dollars in farm subsidies but want to cut food stamps.
Node: (10, 12)--------------------
CONTENT: In Texas, schools do not even have to teach sex education.
CONTENT: Many of the top officials at the Port Authority earn more money than the governors of the states that have jurisdiction over them.
CONTENT: The five Taliban detainees being released from Guantanamo in exchange for captured Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl are the hardest of the hard-core. These are the highest high-risk people.
CONTENT: Ryan Sittons company accepted over $650,000 in Obama stimulus dollars.
CONTENT: The profit [from automated traffic enforcement cameras] is going to the private corporations, not to the city or state.
CONTENT: SaysTed Cruz distributed the ad showing a nude Melania Trump on a rug.
Node: (10, 13)--------------------
CONTENT: An illegal immigrant who gains admission at a public college takes class space away from students who are legal residents.
CONTENT: Cover Florida "is available to any Floridian, offering basic coverage for about $150 a month, instead of the typical $600 a month."
CONTENT: A lot of the problems with forest fires ...is because of bad policy (not to clear out the forests) that was put in place by environmentalists.
CONTENT: Despite President Barack Obamas promise to cut healthcare costs, the average cost of a family policy is up $1,300.
CONTENT: The church Barack Obama belongs to only admits black people.
CONTENT: There are prototype cars that get between 100 and 150 miles per gallon and "we could have those cars in your garages in a couple of years."
CONTENT: Nevada is still a state that is 80 percent white voters.
Node: (10, 14)--------------------
CONTENT: Says some Georgians can get health insurance for $105 a month.
CONTENT: Lean, finely textured beef is the proper name [not pink slime], and it is a safe, widely used product.
CONTENT: Florida is the largest dog-racing state in the country.
CONTENT: Most of the people who have signed up through the Obamacare exchanges already had insurance.
CONTENT: Says iPads and iPhones are built in the United States of America.
CONTENT: Hundreds of thousands of (illegal immigrants are) going to state and federal penitentiaries.
CONTENT: There are many health insurance plans that will cover Viagra but won't cover birth-control medication.
CONTENT: Says the Republican state convention is actually larger than the Republican National Convention.
CONTENT: You cant bring an iPad or a piece of paper and a pencil in the (Wisconsin Assembly) gallery to take notes of whats going on, but you can bring a gun up there.
CONTENT: Says rabid animals from other states carry different strains of rabies that Florida vaccines and serums dont affect.
Node: (10, 15)--------------------
CONTENT: My office is about a 300-step walk to the governors office.
CONTENT: Offshore wind power is significantly less expensive than solar energy.
CONTENT: The federal tax code has loopholes that are giving incentives for companies that are shipping jobs overseas.
CONTENT: Federal spending is all discretionary, other than interest on the national debt. Social Security is discretionary. We have the discretion to change the law. Same is true with Medicare and Medicaid.
CONTENT: Florida is considered the fourth-largest gambling state in the nation.
CONTENT: Compact fluorescent light bulbs are toxic and not environmentally friendly.
CONTENT: Online voter registration is a more secure way of doing voter registration.
Node: (10, 16)--------------------
CONTENT: In a majority of states, you can now marry freely, but can still be fired for who you love.
CONTENT: Not one tax has been raised since Ive been governor.
CONTENT: Due to a flaw in the 1995 Outer Continental Shelf Deep Water Royalty Relief Act numerous oil companies are now drilling in the Gulf of Mexico in federal lands and paying no royalties to the federal government.
CONTENT: In 32 other states and Washington D.C., they [voters] can avoid the wait by voting before Election Day.
CONTENT: Most Texans aren't millionaires.
CONTENT: Our whole food system in this country...most of it is genetically engineered. And (there is) no testing for the health consequences of this food.
Node: (10, 17)--------------------
CONTENT: There are mechanisms in place to shut down the Internet privately.
CONTENT: A college loan is the only loan in the United States that you cannot refinance when interest rates go down.
CONTENT: Every time [the people from Newport Tent] work in a city or town they have a whole different set of permits that they have to get in order to pitch a tent.
CONTENT: We just cant afford to pay 100 percent of government employee benefits.
CONTENT: Anywhere in the world, when someone uses a mobile phone, e-mail, the Internet or GPS, they are enjoying the benefits of the American miracle.
CONTENT: A bag of Cheetos costs less to buy than an apple, and in some Milwaukee neighborhoods good luck trying to find an apple or a banana or some sort of healthy option
CONTENT: You can absolutely get a gun if you have several felonies as long as you buy it on the Internet or at a gun show.
CONTENT: If someone is in a room that has measles and leaves and you walk in two hours later, you could get measles from that person.
CONTENT: You cannot get (Ebola) from just riding on a plane or bus.
CONTENT: Go look on the West Point website and youll see those specific words, full scholarship to West Point. So even though it is, you know, given as a grant for anybody who gets in, those words are used.
CONTENT: The very first meal on the surface of the moon was the Holy Communion.
Node: (10, 18)--------------------
CONTENT: What I have put forward does not add a penny to the debt.
CONTENT: If we dont spend money on a pier, then that money does wipe into the general funds of the city or the county, and if you send it to the county, you never see it again.
CONTENT: Every dropout costs us $72,000 for the life of that person.
CONTENT: Theres no scientific conclusion that (being gay) is genetic.
CONTENT: Anyone who knows you can just look it up to see if you voted.
CONTENT: Every Florida teacher gets a pay raise.
CONTENT: Says a drug test can be performed for just $4 or $5.
Node: (10, 19)--------------------
CONTENT: You may have driven the length of a football field in the five seconds it takes to check a text.
CONTENT: It costs a hell of a lot more money to put somebody in jail than send them to the University of Virginia.
CONTENT: Live cats have holes drilled into their skulls, posts put into their heads and coils put into their eyes, and some have had their ears cut off or are intentionally deafened or starved at UW-Madison labs that do research to improve hearing in humans.
CONTENT: Every time somebody new gets the Ebola virus, it mutates.
CONTENT: Every time we put a ballot issue on, it costs a million dollars.
CONTENT: I don't do earmarks. I've never done one. I'm not going to do one.
CONTENT: A couple of hundred American cities are infested by members of the Mexican cartels.
CONTENT: It costs more money to put a person on death row than it does to lock them up for the rest of their lives because of attorney fees.
Node: (10, 20)--------------------
CONTENT: Atmospheric conditions could push a footballs pressure down approximately one-and-a-half pounds per square inch.
CONTENT: The bulk of the people who are shot with a weapon other than these drug gangs taking on one another end up being shot with their own weapon.
CONTENT: Measles is one of the most common causes of child blindness worldwide.
CONTENT: Says theres no proven instance where hydraulic fracking has polluted groundwater.
CONTENT: Lots of studies seem to indicate that minors find it very easy to get marijuana, easier than to get alcohol.
CONTENT: I get the most money from active duty officers and military personnel.
CONTENT: Winning enough pledged delegates is not impossible.
CONTENT: Whales live as long at SeaWorld as they do in the wild.
CONTENT: U.S. forces in Iraq and Afghanistan include a "few thousand that are still green card holders who are not even citizens of this country."
CONTENT: If youre a terrorist you cant fly, but an assault weapon you can buy.
CONTENT: Marijuana is less addictive than both alcohol and tobacco.
CONTENT: In North Carolina, paid family leave is more popular than college basketball.
CONTENT: Husbands rarely beat up their wives. Single women get beaten up more.
CONTENT: Says PETA is using this really fancy drone to follow hunters around in some places in other countries.
CONTENT: Brewpubs cant sell growlers of their beer to customers.
CONTENT: Medicare Part D was far more expensive than the Affordable Care Act and unlike the act, was never budgeted.
CONTENT: PIP fraud is $1 billion in fraud.
CONTENT: Water transportation is the most fuel efficient, least polluting, safest, and least expensive means of moving cargo.
CONTENT: Figures cited by Gov. Scott Walker are not commonly used to measure job creation.
Node: (10, 21)--------------------
CONTENT: Groups that receive foreign money are spending huge sums to influence American elections.
CONTENT: Says Trump shirts are made in Bangladesh, Trump suits in Mexico, Trump Vodka in the Netherlands, Trump crystal barware in Slovenia and his cufflinks and ties in China.
CONTENT: Says Texas wildfires are linked to climate change.
CONTENT: On transportation financing
CONTENT: Long-term federal investment in U.S. airports is urgent because there was a recent survey of the top airports in the world, and there was not a single U.S. airport that came in the top 25.
CONTENT: Some criminals have learned how to spy on Americans, hacking into our home computers and looking out through the video camera attached to the screen.
CONTENT: The FBI is involved in an investigation about people in the Rio Grande Valley who are using cocaine to buy votes.
CONTENT: Says unions call Obamacare bad for workers.
CONTENT: [T]his breed (of pit bulls) is most often associated with aggressive behavior.
CONTENT: Your tellers were paid kickbacks for directing elderly consumers from ... safe deposits to risky ones.
Node: (10, 22)--------------------
CONTENT: Exporters are using a federal loophole to deceptively sell products made from cat and dog fur to U.S. consumers.
CONTENT: Republicans in Congress refuse to list a single tax loophole they are willing to close.
CONTENT: Cobb County businesses have already been awarded contracts worth $250 million on construction of a new Braves stadium.
CONTENT: In South Florida, weve had nine inches of sea-level rise since the 1920s.
CONTENT: We understand that this heroin is primarily coming from Mexico, over the border.
CONTENT: In campaigns in the past with Sen. McCain and President George W. Bush and others, they have tended to release tax records in April.
CONTENT: My office sends federal money back every year.
CONTENT: Senators who have accepted millions in campaign contributions from the financial industry voted against allowing bankruptcy judges to modify home mortgages.
CONTENT: The water quality in the ocean is perfect. Its been tested up and down every ocean shore in New Jersey.
CONTENT: Mathematically, the White Sox can still get in the playoffs.
CONTENT: Contrary to media reports, Georgias gas tax change led to no price increase at the pump.
CONTENT: In Georgia, hard-earned lottery dollars are doled out to the scion[s] of wealthy families.
Node: (10, 23)--------------------
CONTENT: The numbers make it clear that Georgia voters are increasingly taking advantage of early voting opportunities.
CONTENT: Gwinnett Medical Center is operating in the negative, in part, because of illegal immigrants.
CONTENT: Homeopathy, acupuncture and aromatherapy have been given elevated legitimacy under the Affordable Care Act.
CONTENT: Palin supports "aerial hunting of wolves and other wildlife."
CONTENT: Wisconsin is called the Badger State because our ancestors came here with the hopes of living the American dream by mining.
CONTENT: St. Pete Beachs experiences are a fair example of what could happen if Amendment 4 passes.
CONTENT: For educational testing, Florida has chosen a company that has a significant history of promoting identification of the GLBT lifestyle for children as young as seven years old.
Node: (10, 24)--------------------
CONTENT: Congress is bewildered at the scope and reach of our spying apparatus but in 2008 and 2012 explicitly rejected an amendment calling for more disclosure.
CONTENT: Says that U.S. Rep. Allen West is a constituent of mine.
CONTENT: Ive never supported legislation that invades peoples choices about contraception.
CONTENT: Says that Sarah Palin and Craig Huey would ban a womans right to choose in every case
CONTENT: We put a lid on Irans nuclear program without firing a single shot.
CONTENT: Minnesota has passed and Indiana has passed right to work laws making union membership and dues optional
CONTENT: Says Rick Perrys proposal on driver licenses and high school dropouts has been state law since 1989.
CONTENT: Wisconsin Republicans repealed a statewide fair pay law that made sure women are treated fairly on the job.
CONTENT: Laurie Monnes Anderson voted to let violent criminals out of jail early.
CONTENT: I'm proud to have had a 100 percent pro-life voting record.
CONTENT: Says constitutional amendment would help to stop unfair, double taxation on real estate.
CONTENT: Florida Democrats put my Social Security number and my wifes Employment Identification Number in a mail piece.
CONTENT: Says a photo ID voting law in Georgia didnt dissuade black voters from participating in voting. It hasnt, it doesnt, and apparently, if you do cause and effect in that state, its been helpful.
Node: (10, 25)--------------------
CONTENT: It is a commitment voters take very seriously: The only incumbent in Ohio to break his Pledge and vote for Ted Stricklands income tax hike was defeated soundly on Tuesday.
CONTENT: The House of Representatives has never passed a resolution of disapproval to condemn a member's behavior.
CONTENT: One out of every four homeless people on our streets is a veteran.
CONTENT: Says the Obama Administration has fulfilled all of Texas requests for fire management assisting grants.
CONTENT: Says that like Todd Akin, all Texas Republicans in U.S. House cosponsored a bill that attempts to distinguish between forcible rape and other sexual assaults.
CONTENT: We had a No Child Left Behind a similar piece of legislation in our state a number of years ago, well before the federal law. And it's had a big impact here. It's improved schools.
CONTENT: Kelly Ayotte has voted to defund Planned Parenthood six times.
CONTENT: Says more than 2 million Oregonians have received important medical services because of his health plan.
CONTENT: Says Virginia saved $300 million by rebidding a Metrorail construction project to exclude guaranteed union contracts.
CONTENT: Secretary of State A. Ralph Mollis wrongly takes credit for small-business program
CONTENT: I have 35 years' experience making change.
Node: (10, 26)--------------------
CONTENT: The House passed cut, cap and balance with bipartisan support.
CONTENT: $6 billion water bond program voters passed in 2011 has yet to be tapped.
CONTENT: George Allen voted to end Pell Grants for 84,000 students.
CONTENT: Said Republicans made historic gains in state legislatures during last months election
CONTENT: Ohio Republicans made significant gains during [Chris McNultys] time at the ORP, including the extremely successful re-election of President Bush in Ohio.
CONTENT: Were not engaged in nation-building in Afghanistan.
CONTENT: Says our unemployment insurance trust fund is broke. Were over a billion dollars in debt to the federal government.
CONTENT: Fox changed around their poll eligibility criteria on the day they announced who is in and out of their debate.
Node: (10, 27)--------------------
CONTENT: In the entire public school system in Camden last year, only three students graduated college ready.
CONTENT: Virginia was named best managed state, best state for business and best state toraise a child while I was governor.
CONTENT: The firefighter and police officer pension system is not headed for bankruptcy, far from it. Thats because New Jersey first responders -- fire fighters and police officers -- have never missed making payments to the retirement system.
CONTENT: Says state workers have not had across-the-board raises in six years.
CONTENT: Says that in the U.S. House of Representatives weve had bipartisan support for the repeal of Obamacare for getting rid of cap and trade for building the Keystone Pipeline.
CONTENT: Weve had Muslims in America since George Washington.
CONTENT: (Chris Christie) has not paid one dollar of state money into our pension system, and then states that the system is broke.
CONTENT: Weve had 11,000 attempts to amend the Constitution since 1789.
CONTENT: Once our Blueprint for Prosperity is signed into law, we will have delivered $2 billion in tax relief.
CONTENT: All 28 members of NATO have pledged to spend at least 2 percent of their economy on defense. But only three countries do -- Britain, Greece and us.
Node: (10, 28)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Tennessees higher education funding model is 100 percent outcomes-based and we are already seeing this model changing the way our postsecondary institutions do business.
CONTENT: Oregon has never before tried to create a land-use plan for what it should look like for 50 years.
CONTENT: Seven out of the 10 states with the lowest unemployment rates (have) Republican governors That approach that Republicans are using is working.
CONTENT: We havent had control of the House for the last two years and its been malfunctioning. We had 109 sessions scheduled and held 49.
CONTENT: Our last budget committed the highest level of need-based financial aid in state history.
CONTENT: This generation, on average, is starting their careers, if theyve been to a four-year college, with just under $30,000 in debt.
CONTENT: The Common Core was not put together by the Department of Education in Washington. It was put together by governors and by states.
CONTENT: When it comes to being effective at creating jobs (Chris Christie has not had) a record of governing for effectiveness. ... Last year, New Jersey created no net new jobs.
CONTENT: Every time weve cut taxes, revenues have gone up, the economy has grown.
CONTENT: The United States is the No. 1 country in the world for energy resources. We are the king daddy dogs when it comes to energy.
Node: (10, 29)--------------------
CONTENT: Point Pleasant Beach does not own its beaches; they are privately owned and operated by businesses such as Jenkinsons
CONTENT: Forty-six states have a line-item veto for the governor.
CONTENT: The University of Wisconsin System had a jobs-for-life tenure program for professors.
CONTENT: Eleven states have enacted these pay-to-play reforms.
CONTENT: Says Indiana Gov. Mike Pence provides zero state funding for homeless shelters.
CONTENT: Over 40 of our 100 (House of) Delegates seats go uncontested every year, and over 40 percent of our state senate seats go uncontested every year.
CONTENT: There isnt a single (Texas) legislator under the age of 30, even though millennials make up 25 percent of the electorate in Texas.
CONTENT: This is the only state in the country that bypassed the General Assembly to authorize [in-state tuition for undocumented immigrants].
CONTENT: TheHousebudget plan proposes the largest discretionary spending cut in history.
CONTENT: The House of Representatives does not have a prochoice majority.
CONTENT: Says opponent Tammy Baldwin has had not one positive ad in the campaign for U.S. Senate.
CONTENT: Most state employees did not receive any pay raise from 2009 to 2012.
CONTENT: Were importing about 10 percent of our milk supply. Were Americas Dairyland, but yet we dont have enough milk in this state to meet the demand for our cheesemakers.
CONTENT: Says the House Rules Committee is the only panel, other than the Intelligence and Ethics committees, not able to telecast proceedings in its main hearing room.
CONTENT: Most of the state budget isnt for state government doing things. ... 85 percent of the state budget is transferred to local communities for delivery of service.
CONTENT: Miller Brewing is not a U.S. company any more. Neither is Anheuser-Busch.
CONTENT: For the first time in eight years, our budget also increases funding for persons with disabilities by $36 million to help more disabled people receive community-based services.
CONTENT: Theres not one Democrat who endorses the Romney-Ryan Medicare plan.
Node: (11, 0)--------------------
CONTENT: In the 1980s, The lowest income people had the biggest gains.
CONTENT: Broward Countys unemployment rate of 5.3 percent is the lowest in Florida.
CONTENT: Says that when Congressman (Steve) Cohen took office in 2007, the unemployment rate was at 4.8 percent. The unemployment rate in Shelby County has reached 9.7 percent.
CONTENT: Not one illness has been reported from raw milk in Texas in more than four years. A total of six illnesses have occurred in the last 20 years.
CONTENT: Household income in America has gone down for families an average of $4,000 in the last four years while it went up $5,000 under Mitt Romney when he was governor of Massachusetts
CONTENT: Wisconsin wages are declining at double the rate of other states.
CONTENT: Wisconsin has created just under 100,000 jobs since he took office.
CONTENT: Wisconsin ranks No. 2 in economic growth, according to the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia.
CONTENT: The total unemployment rate for Hispanic or Latino workers has increased from 10% to 10.3% between January 2009 and March 2012.
CONTENT: After not having any foreign trade offices overseas for the past decade, New Jersey opened offices in Shanghai and London in the past six months, and has seen an 18 percent increase in exports.
CONTENT: Discretionary spending went up 84 percent in the last two years
CONTENT: In 2009, we cut state spending in real terms for the first time in 150 years.
CONTENT: The money supply has doubled in the last year.
CONTENT: Between 1990 and 2013, the maternal mortality rate for women in the U.S. has increased by 136%.
CONTENT: The Democratic Party is getting smaller and smaller and smaller.
CONTENT: The average rate of fraud in the Earned Income Tax Credit, Medicare, Medicaid and food stamps programs is 20 to 25 percent.
CONTENT: Floridas revenue is growing at a faster rate than almost any state in the country.
CONTENT: The unemployment rate for young people is down from a 10.6 percent high in 2009 to 2.6 percent today.
CONTENT: There are over 2,000 crimes recorded per 100,000 population in the U.K., compared to 466 violent crimes per 100,000 in the United States.
CONTENT: Says Texas school districts are the fifth largest employers in the world.
CONTENT: From 2010-2014, median household income in Wisconsin has actually gone up 7.4 percent.
Node: (11, 1)--------------------
CONTENT: There are more oil rigs in operation in the United States than the rest of the world combined.
CONTENT: The top 1 percent pay over half of the entire revenue for this country.
CONTENT: China owns about 29 percent of (the U.S.) debt.
CONTENT: Oregon is the most trade-dependent state in the nation
CONTENT: Government employees make 43 percent more in wages and benefits than private-sector workers.
CONTENT: Wisconsins effective unemployment rate is 20 percent.
CONTENT: The average (public school) teacher in Wisconsins making $89,000 a year in salary and benefits.
CONTENT: Says Oregons high minimum wage is the reason why by 2011, Oregons restaurants employed an average of only 13.8 workers, or 2.6 fewer employees than they did before the states minimum wage began rising above the federal level in 1997.
CONTENT: In 2001 and 02 . . . we had the pension system funded at (the)100% level in that year, and we did for two years at that point.
CONTENT: Our jobless rate, our unemployment rate, is the lowest of all of the big cities in New Jersey.
CONTENT: Say this biennium, liquor sales account for nearly $1 billion in the state budget.
CONTENT: Hedge fund managers and others in private equity pay much lower (tax) rates on their income than do truck drivers and teachers and nurses.
CONTENT: In 1950, corporations paid $3 in taxes for every $1 by a worker. Today, they pay 22 cents for every $1 by a worker.
Node: (11, 2)--------------------
CONTENT: Every year we spend roughly $500 billion on tax compliance. That is roughly the budget of our entire military, entirely wasted on tax compliance.
CONTENT: The average person who gets the minimum wage in America is 35 years old.
CONTENT: FCAT tests account for less than 1 percent of the instructional time provided during the year.
CONTENT: The 2011-13 state budget cuts overall funding for public schools by $1.6 billion
CONTENT: In the past six years alone, changes to the pension formula have saved over half a billion dollars.
CONTENT: The average age of planes in the Qatar Airways fleet is about four years while Delta Air Lines flies planes that are 35 years old.
CONTENT: The University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee has 2.8 students per faculty member, tied for second-lowest in its history since 1994.
CONTENT: Russia has more diversity in its governmental representation than we do in Texas.
CONTENT: Planned Parenthood raked in more than $300 million in profits over the past four years.
CONTENT: Virginia state employees pay nothing toward their pensions.
CONTENT: New Jerseys citizens are working at the highest rate in three years.
CONTENT: Only the State of New York spends more money on Medicaid than the State of New Jersey.
CONTENT: Says less than half of 1 percent of all the Texas legislators who ever served draw a benefit from pensions tied to the salaries of state district judges.
CONTENT: Fifty-three percent of graduates from liberal arts colleges these days cant find jobs.
CONTENT: Georgia public sector employees do not have a say in the conditions of their employment, do not have bargaining rights or a say in their working conditions.
Node: (11, 3)--------------------
CONTENT: We spend less on defense today as % of GDP than at any time since Pearl Harbor.
CONTENT: Says Planned Parenthood provides about 140 visits for prenatal care in each state.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clinton has not answered a single question about her immigration plan.
CONTENT: The Trump Winery near Charlottesville, Va. is the largest winery on the East Coast.
CONTENT: Earth has not warmed for the last 17 years.
CONTENT: We have the highest funding in (the) K-12 system in the history of the state.
CONTENT: Because of Democratic tax hikes, New Jersey ended a decade with fewer private sector jobs for the first time in recorded history.
CONTENT: I represent the fourth-poorest (congressional) district in the nation.
CONTENT: [U]nlike every other major transit system in the nation, MARTA has never received any significant, dedicated funding from the state of Georgia.
Node: (11, 4)--------------------
CONTENT: The (national) debt really added up $75 trillion in 2010 and is on track to hit $99 trillion this year.
CONTENT: Says Mitt Romney did not pay taxes for 10 years.
CONTENT: Because George Holding doesnt live in the congressional district hes running for, he doesnt experience the same things that we are all experiencing.
CONTENT: Says the states Medicaid waiver proposal has languished in a file cabinet at the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services for more than two years.
CONTENT: We are experiencing the worst economic recovery America has ever had.
CONTENT: The Katy Freeway, or Interstate 10 west of Houston, is the widest freeway in the world, with up to 26 lanes, including frontage road lanes.
CONTENT: Says U.S. House opponent Michael Williams does not live in and has never voted in the congressional district hes seeking to represent.
CONTENT: Says Gov. Scott Walker hasnt done a public event this entire year.
CONTENT: The states that are doing better are the ones that have no state income tax.
CONTENT: The Austin school district calendar lists 64 different dates for either a state-mandated test or make-up test.
CONTENT: 1.3-million people in America make their living off eBay.
CONTENT: Says students who receive free or reduced lunch are performing just as well as students who do not.
Node: (11, 5)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Texas voters are being asked to act this November on a proposed constitutional amendment affecting property taxes.
CONTENT: The Republican leadership's budget proposal doesn't contain any numbers.
CONTENT: Congress just passed another huge, pork-filled spending bill. The Democrats allowed less than a day to read all 3,400 pages and stuffed it with nearly 10,000 earmarks costing about $10-billion dollars.
CONTENT: Says Mitt Romney flip-flopped on supporting the presidents Recovery Act.
CONTENT: We have been teaching these (Common Core) standards in Florida schools since 2010.
CONTENT: The White House had a live video feed of the Benghazi attacks as they occurred.
CONTENT: We are not producing jobs. We created 80,000 jobs last month. We dont talk about the jobs that we lost. The net of it all is that we lost jobs.
Node: (11, 6)--------------------
CONTENT: Says that Starbucks took Christmas off of their brand new cups.
CONTENT: Says the Texas Education Agency follows up to make sure undocumented immigrants paying in-state tuition at Texas colleges are applying for permanent residency.
CONTENT: Because of (the 1994 crime bill), we had a 25-year low in crime, a 33-year low in the murder rate, and listen to this, because of that and the background check law, a 46-year low in the deaths of people of gun violence.
CONTENT: Says Donald Trump always pays his bills promptly.
CONTENT: What I have done -- and this is unprecedented ... is Ive said to each agency ... look at regulations that are already on the books and if they dont make sense, lets get rid of them.
Node: (11, 7)--------------------
CONTENT: Last week the Texas State Board of Education (SBOE), led by Rick Perrys appointee, voted to remove Thomas Jefferson from social studies textbook standards. Thats right. Thomas Jefferson... was deleted from a list of historical figures who inspired political change.
CONTENT: I was one of the few, very few, who voted `no on the Iran deal.
CONTENT: In President Barack Obamas 2015 State of the Union address, the words al-Qaida were never used, the first time those words have not been used in a State of the Union address since February 2001.
CONTENT: The Declaration of Independence was written on paper made out of hemp.
CONTENT: We had a debate on whether ObamaCare was the way to go to fix up health care and the American voters said no -- emphatically.
CONTENT: The money the Clinton Foundation took from from foreign governments while Hillary Clinton was secretary of state is clearly illegal. The Constitution says you cant take this stuff.
CONTENT: Says Rep. Jim Renacci was trying to leave town for the holidays without extending your payroll tax cut.
CONTENT: She said, you know, 'I voted for it, but I hoped it wouldn't pass.' That was a quote on live TV.
CONTENT: Says he posted a win in the Republican Party of Wisconsin endorsement contest in the U.S. Senate primary.
CONTENT: Says Marco Rubio didnt show up for a vote on his own bill on sanctions against Hezbollah.
CONTENT: Rhode Island Treasurer Gina Raimondo raised the mortality rate from 65 to 87 and used a 1994 annuity chart to create the pension crisis.
CONTENT: Four times, I said, he (John McCain)is a hero, but you know ... people choose selective pieces.
CONTENT: The Obama administration "spent more money on the Cash for Clunkers program than the space program."
Node: (11, 8)--------------------
CONTENT: Shelby County donated Im sorry, gave 44 schools to the city of Memphis.
CONTENT: The United States had allies lined up for air strikes in Syria and then Obama pulled the rug out.
CONTENT: I asked (then-Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice) how many people had died and she did not know the answer to that question.
CONTENT: Says a picture he posted on Facebook of a man posing in front of five decapitated human heads is one of the subhuman mongrels our president set free.
CONTENT: Says Barack Obama was silent on Iran when the students took to the streets in Tehran and the people there protested, (and) the Green Revolution occurred.
CONTENT: I didnt support Sonia Sotomayor.
CONTENT: Says a liberal immigration reform group endorsed his GOP primary opponent, Dave Brat.
CONTENT: I never said that Marco Rubio was Mark Zuckerbergs personal senator.
CONTENT: I said no to higher taxes and fees.
CONTENT: Says no, youre wrong, responding to the assertion that stop-and-frisk was ruled unconstitutional in New York.
CONTENT: Russia and China absolutely said clearly they would not keep economic sanctions on Iran if the United States walked away from the deal.
CONTENT: Says to Hillary Clinton, You heard what I said about (the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal), and all of a sudden you were against it.
CONTENT: Two years ago we had the largest structural deficit ever in Wisconsin.
CONTENT: Says President Barack Obamas debt commission recommended converting Medicare to a system where Medicare participants are given a voucher to purchase insurance in the private market.
CONTENT: President Barack Obamas Fiscal Year 2013 budget proposal couldnt get support from either party in the House or the Senate.
Node: (11, 9)--------------------
CONTENT: President Obama told people to skip coming here (Las Vegas) for conventions and meetings.
CONTENT: Says Romney had the uniforms for the 2002 Winter Olympic games made in Burma.
CONTENT: Says Bernie Sanders opposes requiring all children to have a K-12 education.
CONTENT: Says Gov. Rick Scott returned $1 million in federal funding that would have helped the state cover the cost of overseeing insurance rates under the new health care law.
CONTENT: Says David Dewhurst went out for drinks during Senate debate on abortion bill.
CONTENT: We cut property taxes for seniors and our middle class.
Node: (11, 10)--------------------
CONTENT: The National Science Foundation awarded $700,000 to fund a climate change musical.
CONTENT: Jim Renacci supports a national sales tax of 23 percent.
Node: (11, 11)--------------------
CONTENT: On support for gay marriage.
CONTENT: On support for gay marriage.
CONTENT: On whether he would run for U.S. Senate in 2012.
CONTENT: Says Obama adviser David Plouffe took large piles of cash from a joint venture partner of a company owned by Irans Revolutionary Guard.
CONTENT: On public financing of his campaign.
Node: (11, 13)--------------------
CONTENT: The stimulus includes "$219,000 to study the sex lives of female college freshmen."
CONTENT: Wisconsin is one of several states where you can change your early ballot if you think youve made a mistake.
Node: (11, 14)--------------------
CONTENT: Says federal regulations adopted in 2011 increased the cost of each vehicle for his business by $10,000.
CONTENT: It is a greater crime to have an untagged alligator than to host an open house party (for kids).
CONTENT: Says the Clinton Foundation accepted millions and millions of dollars from governments like Algeria, Saudi Arabia, Oman and the United Arab Emirates, which violated a ban on all contributions to the Foundation from foreign nations.
CONTENT: At least Obama didn't marry his cousin, as Giuliani did.
CONTENT: If youre one of the more than 250 million Americans who already have health insurance, you will keep your health insurance.
Node: (11, 15)--------------------
CONTENT: We are "borrowing Saudi money for Saudi oil" with the result being "dependency and debt."
CONTENT: You cant give a child an aspirin in school without permission. You cant do any kind of medication, but we can secretly take the child off and have an abortion.
CONTENT: Its legal to sign a recall petition (against Gov. Scott Walker) even if you have already signed another recall petition, but only one signature counts
CONTENT: There are actually only 30 countries that practice birthright citizenship.
CONTENT: A miscarriage is considered an abortion.
CONTENT: The public option is not funded with public money. It's funded with private insurance premiums.
CONTENT: Says under our current sentencing laws, about 75 percent of all convicted felons in Oregon do not go to prison.
CONTENT: On tax breaks for businesses
CONTENT: Saudi Arabia is the only Muslim country out of 47 Muslim-majority countries where women cannot get licenses to drive.
CONTENT: Says Colorado food stamp recipients can use ATMs to get cash to buy marijuana.
CONTENT: A minor cannot get a tattoo without parental consent but can get an abortion without parental consent.
CONTENT: Florida is one of only three states that require licenses for commercial interior designers.
CONTENT: Says there is a plan formulated by Chair (Lynn) Peterson and the cities in Clackamas County to further increase this fee in three years and split it up on projects between the county and cities.
CONTENT: You can fill out your tax return in Estonia online in five minutes.
CONTENT: Only four countries in the world allow abortions after 20 weeks of pregnancy.
CONTENT: Members of Congress specifically exempted themselves from many of the laws they have passed, such as being exempt from any fear of prosecution for sexual harassment ... (and) from the healthcare reform.
CONTENT: Ohioans can expect to pay up to 41 percent more for their insurance premiums when Obamacare takes effect next year.
CONTENT: In Wisconsin, unions can essentially give unlimited contributions to political parties, but business cant give any.
CONTENT: In 29 states in this country you can still get fired for not just being gay, but if your employer thinks you are gay.
Node: (11, 16)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Austins treated wastewater, put into the Colorado River, is of higher quality than water the city takes from the lake for public use.
CONTENT: In Oregon, students are skipping math class to learn about the Bible.
CONTENT: Says Texas colleges and universities may opt to allow guns on campuses.
CONTENT: Floridas regulations on the payday lending industry are stronger than almost any other state.
CONTENT: Says most states, but not Texas, permit jurors to ask questions of witnesses in trials.
CONTENT: Georgia is one of only five states where breweries cant sell you a pint of beer to drink on premise or sell you a six-pack to go.
CONTENT: Says that under the new healthcare law, full- and part-time workers will be required to buy insurance costing $375 to $1,000 a month, starting in 2014.
Node: (11, 17)--------------------
CONTENT: Says that in Curry County, if you make a 911 call youre likely to wait for an hour for a response.
CONTENT: In its current state, this bill is the most restrictive voter ID legislation in the nation.
CONTENT: A proposed amendment allows a teenager to get a recommendation for medical marijuana without the consent of a parent.
CONTENT: No other country has a constitutional right like the Second Amendment.
CONTENT: Says that in Ohio right now, you could be 8 months pregnant and have an abortion for no reason.
CONTENT: In some states, it is still legal to deny a woman coverage because she's been the victim of domestic violence.
CONTENT: It used to be that the only children at school who werent vaccinated were those who had true medical conditions. Now there are 19 states that allow personal belief exemptions.
CONTENT: If you're over 65 years old in America today, you have no choice but to be in Medicare. Even if you want out of Medicare, you have to forfeit your Social Security to get out of it.
CONTENT: The United States is the only industrialized country that does not guarantee paid time off to care for a new child.
CONTENT: Currently, it takes up to 25 years to obtain U.S. citizenship legally but the Senate bill would allow immigrants who came to the United States illegally to obtain citizenship in just 13 years.
CONTENT: Says theres no language in the U.S. Constitution that prevents someone from running for Congress simultaneously in multiple states.
CONTENT: With this reform, every insured American gets valuable consumer protections, and every uninsured American can become insured.
CONTENT: Says under the Senate immigration bill, newly legalized immigrants will pay every tax possible, but you dont get a single benefit for 10 years.
CONTENT: While Rob Portman relies on his super PAC and a handful of billionaires to do his dirty work, we dont have a super PAC, and quite frankly, we dont want one that spends millions to spew out lies and distortions.
CONTENT: Before this law was passed, Americans were told they could keep their current health care plans. After it became law, the administration issued regulations stating nearly half of Americans would lose their current plan.
CONTENT: There are only four countries in the world that ... legalize abortion after five months -- China, North Korea, Canada and the U.S.
Node: (11, 18)--------------------
CONTENT: There are 31 other states and 10,000 other cities that have the same type of policies that we just passed, referring to North Carolinas House Bill 2.
CONTENT: The federal government has $3 trillion in cash flow, so we can pay our bills and wont default.
CONTENT: Members of Congress did not have three days to read the bill when the stimulus was rushed into law.
CONTENT: Says in U.S. Congress, members dont even have to be on the floor for debates or votes.
CONTENT: There are corporations in this nation, some of the biggest corporations in this nation, who do not pay taxes.
CONTENT: You (Hillary Clinton) get a subpoena, and after getting the subpoena you delete 33,000 emails.
CONTENT: Every family health insurance policy has "a $900 hidden tax" to subsidize health care costs of the uninsured.
CONTENT: If you like your health care plan, you can keep your health care plan.
CONTENT: Just like the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the AFL-CIO receives dues from foreign entities associated with it.
CONTENT: A regulatory thing means you cant show someone drinking beer on camera.
Node: (11, 19)--------------------
CONTENT: No family earns too much to qualify for Oregon Healthy Kids program.
CONTENT: For middle-class families under the Baucus plan, 13 percent of what they make could be deducted directly from their paychecks . . . the so-called Max Tax.
CONTENT: Says that the new financial services law requires 358 regulatory filings.
CONTENT: A small business in my district needed 31 different permits and fees just to be able to expand.
CONTENT: There's not a major bill I know with Hillary's name on it.
CONTENT: The federal government may put 16,500 IRS agents in charge of policing President Obamas health care bill.
CONTENT: The Export-Import Bank doesnt cost taxpayers anything.
CONTENT: Says Mitt Romney pays less tax than the guys who installed his car elevators.
CONTENT: Nearly 6 in 10 uninsured Americanscan get health insurance for what may be the equivalent of your cell phone bill.
CONTENT: Oil companies can obtain an acre of public land for less than the price of a Big Mac.
CONTENT: Among manufacturers with fewer than 50 employees, the average cost in terms of regulations is $34,000 per employee.
CONTENT: Right now, our corrections department charges taxpayers between $30,000 and $40,000 a year per person we lock up, she said. Thats actually cheap when you compare us to the rest of the country.
CONTENT: People come here to have babies. They come here to drop a child. Its called drop and leave.
CONTENT: Thirteen hundred applicants in Rhode Island signed up for insurance through Obamacare.
CONTENT: Says most illegal immigrants draw welfare benefits, theyre sending their kids to school, theyre using the public services.
Node: (11, 20)--------------------
CONTENT: Preventive care does not save the government money.
CONTENT: Unlike marijuana, medical cannabis oil cannot get you high.
CONTENT: Says required state septic inspections would cost septic tank owners $100 to $150 every five years.
CONTENT: One of the interesting things about the Recovery Act was most of the projects came in under budget, faster than expected, because theres just not a lot of work there.
CONTENT: We dont take a dime from D.C. lobbyists or special-interest PACs -- never have and never will.
CONTENT: Rhode Island could tell you who has a camper, but we couldnt figure out who has a gun.
CONTENT: Obamacare is not a popular law.
CONTENT: New Glarus Brewing Co.s Spotted Cow is available only in Wisconsin.
CONTENT: Driving with a dog in your lap is dangerous, in part, because it could fly forward in a crash. An 80-pound dog at only 30 mph packs a 2,400-pound punch.
CONTENT: We can prevent terror suspects from boarding an airplane, but the FBI doesn't have the power to block them from buying dynamite or an AK-47.
CONTENT: In reality, gas produced by fracking is worse for the climate than coal.
CONTENT: Says there have been no cases of wolves killing people in Rocky Mountain states.
CONTENT: Says there are Ohio Turnpike workers getting paid $66,000 a year to collect tolls that machines might collect.
CONTENT: Anyone can die of a toothache.
CONTENT: You go down to Miami and when its flooding at high tide on a sunny day, fish are swimming through the middle of the streets.
CONTENT: The Russians didnt wear uniforms when they came in to Ukraine.
CONTENT: Rail doesnt do a great job in lessening traffic.
Node: (11, 21)--------------------
CONTENT: Says there are homes for sale on and around (Oswego Lake) right now for under $150,000 that anyone is welcome to buy.
CONTENT: Says Texas routinely gets a lot more federal spending than it pays in taxes.
CONTENT: History tells us that job growth always lags behind economic growth.
CONTENT: Right now, here in Texas, wind power is already cheaper than dirty fossil fuels.
CONTENT: You can look at the propaganda on a lot of the terrorists sites and what Donald Trump saysabout Muslims is used to recruit fighters.
CONTENT: I stopped requesting earmarks in 2008.
CONTENT: One thing that is much more unpopular than the Affordable Care Act is repealing the Affordable Care Act.
CONTENT: This (Ebola) is not as bad as SARSwas in 2003.
CONTENT: Says Philando Castile had been stopped by police 40 or 50 times before that fatal incident.
CONTENT: Big soda has a lot of money.They make a lot of profit off their product and they market in neighborhoods that suffer from these very things that were trying to cure.
CONTENT: Medicaid expansion isnt necessarily a very popular issue on the street.
CONTENT: Many of the 9/11 conspirators came from the Muslim Brotherhood, including Osama bin Laden, Ayman Zawahiri and Khalid Sheikh Mohammed.
CONTENT: Says Oregon canned blueberries will be cheaper in South Korea thanks to a trade agreement.
CONTENT: Proposed fast-track legislation allows presidents to easily use a future trade deal to override our domestic financial rules.
CONTENT: In Chicago, school is never canceled because of winter weather.
Node: (11, 22)--------------------
CONTENT: Washington, D.C., had some of the strictest gun laws in the country. And when they passed them, violence skyrocketed.
CONTENT: Last week the Blue Chip Economic Indicators came out that surveys lots of private forecasters. Almost all of them are predicting a turnaround in the third quarter and positive growth in the fourth quarter.
CONTENT: The Koch brothers are one of the biggest polluters in the country.
CONTENT: The Tampa Bay Rays prices have been judged the most affordable in all of professional sports.
CONTENT: Kewpie burgers are delicious. An Ohio institution. And theyll cost less thanks to John Kasichs tax cut.
CONTENT: Says Mitt Romneys plan rolls back regulations on banks.
CONTENT: New England already has access to ample supplies of natural gas.
CONTENT: Trade deals threaten Indias role as the pharmacy of the developing world for new HIV medicines.
CONTENT: Says Austin trains are full at rush hour and packed for special events.
Node: (11, 23)--------------------
CONTENT: Oregonians have an amazing no-cost way to fight abortion with free political donations
CONTENT: Preventive care coverage under the Affordable Care Act has already helped Granite Staters save money and live healthier lives.
CONTENT: Here in Virginia, we have the opportunity to become the first state on the East Coast to explore for and produce oil and natural gas offshore.
CONTENT: Georgia has a well-deserved reputation for setting the gold standard for food safety.
CONTENT: The Fair Tax proposal encourages innovation and investment level the playing field for American companies to compete globally.
CONTENT: Mitt Romney has "a pro-choice record."
CONTENT: Our own National Security Agency says that (Iran's) nuclear ambitions are advancing, and at the same time ... we are slashing our own nuclear arsenal.
CONTENT: Louisianas film incentives program is so big they actually shot an upcoming film initially titled Dont Mess With Texas in New Orleans!
CONTENT: Says El Paso is the safest city of our size in the nation.
CONTENT: He positions himself as pro environment, but he scored a zero yes, zero from the League of Conservation Voters last year.
CONTENT: What the District of Columbia was trying to do(with its handgun ban) was to protect toddlers from guns.
Node: (11, 24)--------------------
CONTENT: Newt Gingrichs immigration plan offers a new doorway to amnesty.
CONTENT: We (Democrats) have made steady progress creating jobs and improving our schools.
CONTENT: We are seeing kids who are healthier.
CONTENT: We are the poster child for compliance, and whenever we discover possible infractions we resolve and report it to the NCAA no matter how minor the violations.
CONTENT: Says he predicts the weather better than Punxsutawney Phil.
CONTENT: On a timetable to withdraw from Iraq.
CONTENT: In Hawaii, "they don't have a history of throwing incumbents out of office."
CONTENT: We are the most generous in New England and New England is known for its generosity toward its welfare recipients.
CONTENT: The study of the Savannah River Estuary . . . clearly demonstrates the project can be constructed and [environmental] impacts will be mitigated.
CONTENT: Were within 600 miles of 60 percent of America. Were in a perfect location.
Node: (11, 25)--------------------
CONTENT: American voters remain steadfast in their support for immigration reform with a path to citizenship, with more than 70 percent who want to see reform passed this year.
CONTENT: The church Barack Obama belongs to has a "nonnegotiable commitment to Africa."
CONTENT: Says state budget deal between Texas House and Senate leaders funds nursing homes, our public schools and universities and provides financial aid for college students.
CONTENT: The sequester wont consider whether were cutting some bloated program that has outlived its usefulness, or a vital service that Americans depend on every single day. It doesnt make those distinctions.
CONTENT: Says Ann Kirkpatrick votes with her party nearly 90 percent of the time.
Node: (11, 26)--------------------
CONTENT: Says he worked with the Democratic legislature to balance spending with revenues so that at the end of my four-year term, the rainy day fund was established at more than $2 billion.
CONTENT: Kelly Ayotte has voted four times against the federal Paycheck Fairness Act.
CONTENT: For our next two years in my state, we will end with a structural surplus of $499 million.
CONTENT: Says Holly Turner failed to vote in five straight Republican primaries.
CONTENT: About 70 percentof Republicans nationwide ...dont think Donald Trump is the right guy to take on Hillary Clinton in November.
CONTENT: The NRA used to support expanded background checks.
CONTENT: In a budget deal struck in 2011 a trillion dollars of cuts went into effect immediately, and then a special committee was set up ... to get agreement on another $3 trillion of cuts.
CONTENT: I delivered to you a budget that ... cuts taxes by $2 billion.
CONTENT: Says Jeb Bush flip-flop-flip(ped) on immigration.
CONTENT: Says in the Legislature, (Mary Nolan) has been a party-line Democrat, showing a 100% track record in harmony with the American Civil Liberties Union.
CONTENT: Obama Skips Out On Condemning Left-Wing Attacks On Gen. Petraeus Despite Casting Other 'Important Votes' Earlier And Later In The Day.
CONTENT: Says his administration balanced two budgets with over $13 billion in deficits without raising taxes.
CONTENT: Buono voted 154 times to raise our taxes -- like the sales tax, the income tax, health care taxes, even small business taxes.
CONTENT: F: The grade given to Florida for college affordability under Jeb Bushs leadership.
Node: (11, 27)--------------------
CONTENT: More than 9,000 Rhode Island voters used the Moderate Party master lever mechanism and they didnt have a single Moderate on their ballot.
CONTENT: The first (state) budget that came out of our Republican leadership slashed funding to Planned Parenthood...It resulted in the reduction of hours, the elimination of days, elimination of access to women in my city and all over my state.
CONTENT: Will Hurd tends to have a 96 percent straight Republican, straight party voting record.
CONTENT: The health care law was a 2,733-page bill! . . . No amendments!
CONTENT: Weve cut taxes 50 times and look what has happened to our revenues. Theyve grown.
CONTENT: The House of Delegates budget bill cuts $50 million from education.
CONTENT: Since the time of the Civil War, weve made a distinction in this country between the availability and the ability to access for people who were in the military, versus the rest of us, to vote.
CONTENT: When you have 8,000 veterans a year committing suicide, then you have a serious problem.
CONTENT: Health care reform will not affect veterans' benefits.
CONTENT: The Baucus health care bill "would drastically restrict the use of flexible spending accounts (FSAs) in order to help pay for health care reform."
CONTENT: A Republican budget proposal would have Wisconsin have the weakest standards for who can be a teacher in the classroom in the country.
Node: (11, 28)--------------------
CONTENT: Hillary Clinton supported NAFTA and permanent China trade. Pennsylvania lost thousands of jobs.
CONTENT: Half of Oregon university students are on Pell Grants.
CONTENT: The health care bill cuts the deficit by over $1 trillion dollars.
CONTENT: We have almost 68,000 Georgia students who are required by law to attend a chronically failing school.
CONTENT: Ill be the only economist in the (U.S.) House.
CONTENT: Says Rep. Paul Ryans budget roadmap doesnt balance the budget until the 2060s and adds an unthinkable $62 trillion to the national debt between now and then.
CONTENT: Says she is entering in the most diverse class ever, of U.S. Representatives
CONTENT: The governor won this state with 49 percent. We had some of the closest races in the House in history. So youre not dealing with this 70-30, like they want to make it.
CONTENT: Florida ranks first in the nation for access to free prekindergarten.
CONTENT: Says Austin voters can approve seven bond propositions without raising taxes.
Node: (11, 29)--------------------
CONTENT: The STAR Ohio fund just received the highest possible credit rating one of these funds can receive.
CONTENT: Says Texas has 11 different felonies you can commit with an oyster.
CONTENT: Maurice Ferre says Kendrick Meek has voted 98.6 percent of the time with the Democrat party.
CONTENT: Congress has 11 percent approval ratings, yet 96.4 percent of incumbent lawmakers were re-elected in 2014.
CONTENT: Bill Richardson is the only major Democratic candidate with a plan to withdraw all American troops from Iraq. All of the other major Democratic candidates support leaving American troops in Iraq indefinitely.
CONTENT: These 60 acres (the Atlanta Braves want to build a stadium on) have produced zero SPLOST money for parks and recreation, have produced zero money for education.
CONTENT: New Jersey has had seven credit downgrades since Chris Christie became governor.
CONTENT: Says Multnomah County libraries are open 44 hours per week the lowest of any library in the four-county region.
CONTENT: We in Indiana have . . . the highest credit rating in the nation.
CONTENT: Two of the top three (rated) public high schools in Wisconsin Ronald Reagan College Prep and Rufus King International are MPS schools.
CONTENT: The 2006 Massachusetts health care law has added (only) about 1 percent to our state budget.
CONTENT: Most of the U.S. Senate is comprised of multimillionaires.
CONTENT: By any measure, New Jersey has one of the most segregated school systems in the country.
CONTENT: Says Harry Reid has a better voting attendance record than these three Congressmen!
CONTENT: Tim Pawlenty has cut education funding in Minnesota. Classrooms are overcrowded. Districts have gone to four-day school weeks.
CONTENT: Each [Corbett administration] budget finished in the black.
CONTENT: Eighty out of 82 counties in Ohio ... have an auto manufacturing facility.
CONTENT: California has the same water infrastructure from when we were 16 million people.
CONTENT: This bill allows Virginia to join about 23 other states that have an ultrasound procedure before an abortion.
CONTENT: Connecticut has the fifth toughest gun control laws in the country, including an assault weapons ban that bans 35 different weapons.
CONTENT: Half of all NC legislative candidates are unopposed because of gerrymandering.
CONTENT: Says Massachusetts has three state-mandated student tests and Finland just one.
Node: (12, 0)--------------------
CONTENT: Texas this fiscal year will have more money in reserve than the other 49 states combined.
CONTENT: Job growth in the United States is now at the fastest pace in this countrys history.
CONTENT: Under Tom Barretts leadership, violent crime in Milwaukee has decreased by over 20% -- to its lowest levels in more than 20 years.
CONTENT: Residential property taxes [in Providence] are up nearly 27 percent under Mayor Taveras.
CONTENT: Weve seen the increase of alcohol use for underage kids even though alcohol has been illegal ... for kids under 21.
CONTENT: Under Gov. Rick Perrys leadership [Texas] has created more jobs over the last decade than the rest of the states combined.
CONTENT: Says Jeff Reardon cut elementary school music classes, art instruction, teaching positions, basketball and volleyball programs, and he voted to raise school lunch prices.
CONTENT: Property taxes are now 18% higher than when(Mark Sharpe)first took office.
CONTENT: In Virginia there has been a billion dollars in surplus over the last three years. The legislature has spent less than 1 percent of that on roads.
CONTENT: Less than 2 percent of illegals are picking crops, but 41 percent are on welfare.
CONTENT: Every time we raise the minimum wage, the number of jobless people increases.
CONTENT: Under Scott Walker, Wisconsin unemployments up from 4.8% to 6.2%
CONTENT: Bicycle ownership drops by half while obesity in Rhode Island rises by 154 percent
CONTENT: Recent studies have confirmed that any academic benefits of government funded preschool disappear by the fourth grade.
CONTENT: As a percentage of gross domestic product, we are reducing nondefense discretionary spending to its lowest level since the '60s, lower than it was under Reagan, lower than it was under Clinton, lower than it was under Bush, or both Bushes.
CONTENT: Usually it's about $900 a month to get health coverage. (Florida's program has) reduced that, on average, to about $150 a month.
CONTENT: The largest number of gamblers are from the poorest segments of the population.
CONTENT: Its been 4 and a half years since the United States Senate passed a budget.
CONTENT: College tuition costs have risen by 25 percent under the Democrats.
CONTENT: We reduced abortion. We increased adoptions by 135 percent.
CONTENT: Seniors enrolled in Medicare Advantage are going to see an average premium increase between $50 and $90 per month.
CONTENT: When Congressman Langevin took office, gas was around $1.70 per gallon, and now it is near $4 per gallon.
CONTENT: The crime rate in some Atlanta neighborhoods has dropped by 35 to 51 percent.
CONTENT: Tax increases under Michigan Gov. Jennifer Granholm led to state unemployment going from 6.8 percent to 15.3 percent.
CONTENT: Under Obama, the national debt has been reduced every year for the last five years.
CONTENT: A $300 million stimulus allocation to Wisconsin has led to the creation of tens of thousands of jobs in every corner of this state.
CONTENT: Health care premiums up 90 percent in New Hampshire.
CONTENT: Since 1988, Congress has raised its own salary 15 times to reflect rising costs. But raised the minimum wage only three times.
CONTENT: Did you know under President Obama family health care premiums have increased $4,154 on the average?
CONTENT: The size of our federal government has more than doubled since the year 2000.
CONTENT: Gun homicide is down 49 percent in the past 12 years.
CONTENT: Under Scott Walker, Wisconsin moved from 16th to third in percentage of people with student loan debt.
CONTENT: During eight years under Ronald Reagan, African-American median income rose by about $5,000.
CONTENT: The Obama administrations policies have reduced minority dropout rate by 25 percent.
CONTENT: Non-defense discretionary spending has increased by over 80 percent in the last two years.
CONTENT: The proportion of Rhode Islanders entering substance abuse treatment primarily due to marijuana use has reached its highest point in 20 years.
CONTENT: Under Barack Obama and the big government economy, the median wage for women has dropped $733.
CONTENT: Since Scott Walker took office as governor in January 2011, there has been an increase of 33,200 jobs in Wisconsin.
CONTENT: Under Barack Obama, the average cost of family health care premiums has increased by $4,154.
Node: (12, 1)--------------------
CONTENT: About half of the presidents have been governors; half of them, senators.
CONTENT: Close to 30% of our federal prison population consists of illegal immigrants.
CONTENT: As a U.S. senator with salary and perks, #Bernie is in the top 1 percent, but still paid only 13 percent in taxes last year.
CONTENT: America is one of the highest-taxed nations in the world.
CONTENT: Health insurance companies pay CEOs $24 million a year
CONTENT: Wisconsin is one of the highest taxed states in the nation.
CONTENT: Says that in 41 states, government workers are better paid than the taxpayers who support them.
CONTENT: Currently we have some 40-45% of Americans who are not paying any taxes.
CONTENT: Women are paid 77 cents for every $1 men get for the same work.
CONTENT: Under Scott Walkers policies, the typical Wisconsin family has actually seen their real income drop by nearly $3,000 in the last four years.
CONTENT: Women earn only 77 cents for every dollar earned by men in the same position.
CONTENT: For six years, I served our community as a conservative state legislator. In every one of those years, I helped balance the state's budget.
CONTENT: Since the beginning of the economic downturn in FY 2008, the state workforce has been reduced by 12.4 percent as part of overall cost savings measures to balance the budget to reduce revenues.
CONTENT: Since January 2015, the majority of our Austin City Council meetings have extended past 10 p.m. and many of our meetings have gone past midnight.
CONTENT: Texas women make an average of $8,355 less per year than men doing the very same job.
CONTENT: At Texas AM University, only 49 out of 3,000 faculty members brought in enough money to pay for their salaries and overhead over the past five years.
CONTENT: Fewer than 10 percent of those in the House are what anyone would classify as wealthy.
CONTENT: We confer more PhDs each year than any other university in America except Berkeley.
CONTENT: There are more young black males involved in the criminal justice system than there are in higher education.
CONTENT: Says 23 percent of ninth graders in Newark will graduate with a high school diploma in four years and we spend $100,000 on their education in those four years, more than is spent on any other set of students in the United States.
Node: (12, 2)--------------------
CONTENT: The Providence teacher contract is one of the longest in the country.
CONTENT: Says President Barack Obama has taken less vacation days than any other president in a generation, while Congress has taken more vacation days than any other Congress in history.
CONTENT: 90% of rural women and 55% of all women are illiterate in Morocco.
CONTENT: The White House has three staff calligraphers making between $86,000 and $97,000 each, and just one National Security Director. She makes $55,000.
CONTENT: As a senator, Hillary Clinton actually paid female staffers a lot less than men.
CONTENT: If they made no changes whatsoever, the [state employees pension] plan still had enough money to go forward for approximately the next 16 years.
CONTENT: 25,000 businesses have been created since (Scott) Walker took office.
CONTENT: The WIC program is an incredibly cost effective program, serving nearly 10 million Americans each year and costing less than $100 per person. In my district, more than 18 percent of residents suffer from food insecurity and depend on WIC to make ends meet.
CONTENT: Economic inequality in Multnomah County has a face -- and a name. It has 90,000 faces and names -- the number of county residents who are still unemployed, or underemployed, in the wake of the 2008 Wall Street crash.
CONTENT: Public employees receive something like 25 percent of the paychecks that are issued in Rhode Island.
CONTENT: [My administration is] well represented both racially, ethnically and gender-wise.
CONTENT: Women (are) paid 77 cents on the dollar for doing the same work as men.
CONTENT: Says theres not much evidence to suggest that people have (contributed to global warming) or can do very much to change anything.
CONTENT: More than 50 percent of those people getting minimum wage in this state are high school students.
CONTENT: Florida students take an array of standardized high stakes tests which eat up as much as 45 school days per year.
CONTENT: The error rates for the Fulton County elections department are well below the average.
Node: (12, 3)--------------------
CONTENT: Race to the Top grants require participating states to adopt the Common Core standards as a condition for receiving federal funding.
CONTENT: Millions of people have given up looking for work altogether.
CONTENT: Says Wisconsin Attorney General J.B. Van Hollen knew about (the Ken Kratz sexting) case for nearly a year and did nothing about it.
CONTENT: Says Barack Obama had huge majorities in Congress during his first two years in office and did nothing with them to create jobs in America.
CONTENT: Says Texas has the most uninsured people of any state -- 6 million.
CONTENT: Not a single segment of the proposed Beltline intersects the MARTA system at MARTA stations.
CONTENT: Saysthe State Department has had half a year to respond to a Benghazi document request, yet I have not gotten a single, solitary scrap of paper.
CONTENT: I used my line-item veto authority to veto $360 million dollars in special interest spending, so that our budget this year ... is still smaller than the fiscal year 2008 and 2009 budgets signed by my predecessor.
Node: (12, 4)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Ohios I-X Center used to be a great plant, but thousands of people of worked here, and they left when their jobs were moved overseas.
CONTENT: If you have ever visited Nashville or Washington D.C. you will see MANY names and initials carved into ... desks.
CONTENT: Says his Twitter account has 1.3 million followers.
CONTENT: After Ronald Reagan cut taxes in 1981 the U.S. enjoyed exponential growth.
CONTENT: Fifty percent of our students who enter higher education need to take remedial courses because they are not prepared for college-level work.
CONTENT: In 2012, the state put together a list of over 100,000 people that they thought were ineligible to vote. Came out there were less than 10.
Node: (12, 5)--------------------
CONTENT: President Bush never did one interview with the New York Times during his entire presidency.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clinton erased all of her emails even though they were subject to recall and review by Congress.
CONTENT: Says Pat Toomey visited Joe Sestak and other veterans in 2002 and then came home and voted against every veterans appropriations bill.
CONTENT: The Massachusetts health care plan dealt with 8 percent of our population, far less than the 100 percent of American people affected by President Barack Obamas health care law.
CONTENT: In one county alone in Ohio, President Obama received 106,258 votes. But there were only 98,213 eligible voters.
CONTENT: Social Security took seven years before anybody got the first check.
CONTENT: Says Marco Rubio endorsed Obamacare for his own family.
CONTENT: Says Milwaukee County elected officials drive around in luxury cars on your dime.
CONTENT: Says Wendys founder Dave Thomas left the state literally on his deathbed to avoid the estate tax.
CONTENT: Says Obama flip-flopped on withdrawing troops from Iraq.
Node: (12, 6)--------------------
CONTENT: The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office received zero complaints about the Washington Redskins name.
CONTENT: Says U.S. Senate opponent Tammy Baldwin supported a federal budget that spent trillions -- not billions, trillions -- more money than the Obama budget.
CONTENT: I have never lobbied for offshore oil drilling.
CONTENT: SayPresident George W. Bush borrowed $1.37 trillion of Social Security surplus revenue to pay for his tax cuts for the rich and his war in Iraq and never paid it back.
CONTENT: A scheduled speech by President Barack Obama will be the first time an American president has spoken directly to the nation's school children about persisting and succeeding in school.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clinton has spoken such lies about my foreign policy. They said I want Japan to get nuclear weapons. Give me a break.
CONTENT: Soy ... el nico official estatal quin es un hombre de negocios.
Node: (12, 7)--------------------
CONTENT: In the case of General Motors, the (Bush) administration wrote a check without asking for any conditions of change.
CONTENT: Says thousands at a Manhattan rally for Donald Trump were chanting We hate Muslims, we hate blacks, we want our great country back.
CONTENT: Says Romney wrote in the first edition of his book that his health care plan should be expanded nationwide and then, You took it out of your book.
CONTENT: Our federal government has lent $2 billion to the state-owned oil company of Brazil to allow them to explore for oil and gas.
CONTENT: A letter from BP to the Minerals Management Service "actually recommends improvements and specific recommendations around safety regulations should they choose to change them."
CONTENT: On new dollar coins, In God We Trust is gone!
CONTENT: I asked the unions to pay into their own health care insurance ... and they said I was being unreasonable. I requested that they contribute toward their own pensions ... and they screamed it was unfair.
CONTENT: In discussing the attacks on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi, Libya,Ms. Rice did say a terrorist attack. Its not that she put the whole thing on the video.
CONTENT: Says that Lee Fisher once said, I never met a gun control bill I didnt like.
CONTENT: Says Israel Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu didnt change his position on a two-state solution.
CONTENT: My opponent in November of 2008 sent a missive to the White House, to President Obama-elect, and said, Heres how you need to sell cap-and-trade to the American people.
Node: (12, 8)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Mahatma Gandhi once said, First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win.
CONTENT: Says U.S. House candidate Carlos Curbelo supported raising flood insurance rates.
CONTENT: On disaster aid offsets
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clinton wrote,I believe the primary role of the state is to teach, train and raise children. Parents have a secondary role.
CONTENT: Says the Obama administration invited Russia into Syria.
CONTENT: When Washington liberals wanted to take away our guns, Chet said no.
CONTENT: Says she balanced a $10 billion budget shortfall without raising taxes.
CONTENT: Democratic candidate Jeff Greene ran for Congress as a California Republican.
Node: (12, 9)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Sen. Rob Portman said, It would be irresponsible not to cut Medicare.
CONTENT: Says she got unions to agree to about $10 million in reduction of salaries and health benefits while serving as Dane County executive in Wisconsin.
CONTENT: Barack Obama "extended health care for wounded troops who'd been neglected."
CONTENT: Says Mitt Romney was clear that he would not provide government assistance to the U.S. auto companies, even if they went through bankruptcy.
CONTENT: Says that at a campaign rally President Barack Obama spent so much time screaming at a protester, and frankly it was a disgrace.
Node: (12, 10)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Scott Brown co-sponsored legislation to let employers deny women coverage for birth control.
CONTENT: On the use of presidentially appointed commissions.
CONTENT: On support for Ted Cruz
CONTENT: Paula Deen supported and campaigned for Barack Obama.
CONTENT: Says he invested over $100 million in worker training.
Node: (12, 11)--------------------
CONTENT: On running for the presidency in 2012
CONTENT: On support for the auto bailouts.
CONTENT: On repeal and replace of federal health care reform.
CONTENT: On the Trans-Pacific Partnership.
CONTENT: On the Trans-Pacific Partnership.
CONTENT: On timing of right to work legislation
CONTENT: On support for gay marriage
Node: (12, 12)--------------------
CONTENT: On abortion
CONTENT: On abortion
Node: (12, 13)--------------------
CONTENT: Operating a health care exchange would be illegal in Georgia and some states because of legislation passed in those states.
Node: (12, 14)--------------------
CONTENT: Under a bill before the legislature, youd have to go to court to fire an employee.
CONTENT: The hour of sleep you lose during the change to daylight saving time might initially pose some health risks.
CONTENT: The Constitution simply does not authorize the federal government to own any of this land (in the Western states).
CONTENT: You can be an NFL player with murder charges and not be suspended.
CONTENT: Pending a federal waiver, the 2013 Legislature eliminated the overtesting of students in grades 3-8 by decreasing the number of tests from 17 to 8.
CONTENT: In Texas, sexting is a felony sex offense for teenagers that can mean up to 10 years in prison.
CONTENT: You have to get a license to fish on our beaches.
CONTENT: Amendment 2 will bring kid-friendly pot candy to Florida.
Node: (12, 15)--------------------
CONTENT: Georgia is one of three states that effectively have no regulations whatsoever on lobbyists giving to legislators.
CONTENT: Under the federal Controlled Substance Act, marijuana is listed in the same Schedule I as heroin, even though marijuana is not a killer drug like heroin.
CONTENT: There will be no public funding for abortion in this legislation.
CONTENT: No other public or private business in America except for the U.S. Postal Service must fund 100 percent of employee retirement and retirement health costs in advance.
CONTENT: A new law requires the USDA to approve the harvest and sale of crops from genetically modified seed even if a court has ruled against the crop as being dangerous to public safety or the environment.
CONTENT: President Barack Obama had the legal authority to strike Syria without a vote from Congress.
CONTENT: A Wisconsin bill to limit use of food stamps for junk food would also prevent -- or limit -- the extent to which food stamps could be used for organic foods.
CONTENT: Floridas proposed amendment for medical marijuana would allow people who alleged minor ailments such as muscle spasms, neck pain, back pain and even menstrual cramps (to qualify) for government-sanctioned pot-smoking.
CONTENT: Under Obamacare, members of Congress are required to purchase their health insurance from the new exchanges.
CONTENT: If parents "don't have health insurance that Senator Obama wants them to have (for their children), they will be fined."
CONTENT: Says Measures 82 and 83 authorize just one more casino.
CONTENT: In Florida, its not illegal for an immediate family member of state officials to prosper from legislation supported by a spouse.
Node: (12, 16)--------------------
CONTENT: Issue 2 makes it illegal for us to negotiate for enough firefighters to do the job.
CONTENT: Slavery is still allowable under Wisconsin law as long as its a punishment for a crime.
CONTENT: It is legal in Ohio to fire an employee or evict a tenant just for being gay.
CONTENT: State law says that once the state appraises a piece of property, they can only pay it a certain amount above appraisal.
CONTENT: Financial conflict-of-interest laws dont apply to the president, right? So, the president doesnt have to have a blind trust.
CONTENT: The city of Clarkston cant decriminalize marijuana. Only state legislators and Congress can do that.
CONTENT: The proposed transportation tax plan revokes a tax-credit for consumers electric cars while the state retains similar credits for similar vehicles for businesses.
CONTENT: The health care bills will be mandated spending. You cant cut it, regardless of the budget circumstances.
CONTENT: The religious liberty bill proposed in the Georgia House of Representatives does not specifically exclude corporations, which means they can legally claim a religious exemption.
CONTENT: Say that under state law, systems development charges can only be spent on capital investment.
Node: (12, 17)--------------------
CONTENT: Says the Austin City Council may give $4 million a year to subsidize a race track.
CONTENT: Says in our gun laws were allowing domestic abusers to sidestep this ban on getting a gun. The loophole allows a convicted abuser to walk into a gun show and walk out with a gun, no questions asked.
CONTENT: Says Scott Walkers listening sessions are invite-only and excluding the press.
CONTENT: We have a tax code that allows groups to use their political operations within the tax code, under the guise of a charity, to use undisclosed millions of dollars to do political campaigns.
CONTENT: The federal government can cut all of the non-military discretionary spending and not balance the budget.
CONTENT: The claim ... that we plan to set up panels of bureaucrats with the power to kill off senior citizens ... is a lie, plain and simple.
CONTENT: Under President Barack Obamas jobs bill, you can sue if you are unemployed and dont get the job and think you werent hired because you are unemployed.
CONTENT: An amendment, pushed by Lyndon Johnson many years ago, threatens religious institutions with a loss of their tax-exempt status if they openly advocate their political views.
CONTENT: Georgia legislation on immigration is a copycat of an Arizona immigration bill.
CONTENT: Georgias illegal-immigration legislation simply follows existing federal law.
CONTENT: The medical marijuana ballot initiative doesnt require a physician writing a prescription and can be for conditions like having a back that needs to be scratched.
Node: (12, 18)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Ohio law gives tax breaks to rich people who own private jets.
CONTENT: Failure to raise the debt limit does not force a U.S. default on debt payments.
CONTENT: In Massachusetts, Scott Browns Republican affiliation is not a secret, but clearly not on display.
CONTENT: Says employers are still allowed to pay people with disabilities below the minimum wage.
CONTENT: A database police use to look up wanted suspects excludes certain warrants issued by Atlanta Municipal Court.
CONTENT: Nobody has ever escaped from one of our federal 'supermax' prisons.
CONTENT: Every single strawberry that is served to Members of Congress will have passed through the rough hands of an undocumented immigrant.
CONTENT: The law, right now, permits companies that close down American factories and offices and move those jobs overseas to take a tax deduction for the costs associated with moving the jobs to China or India or wherever.
CONTENT: The health care plan for members of Congress "is no better than the janitor who cleans their offices."
CONTENT: The Great Lakes Compact has a loophole. And the loophole is that while you cannot remove the water in a big transport, you can remove it in containers of 5.7 gallons or less.
Node: (12, 19)--------------------
CONTENT: If Milwaukee approves reducing its maximum forfeiture for marijuana possession to $50, the city would have 23 different bicycle violations that have a higher forfeiture.
CONTENT: There are at least 23 countries that refuse to take their people back after theyve been ordered to leave the United States, including large numbers of violent criminals.
CONTENT: On day one, six people were able to sign up for health insurance through the federal marketplace.
CONTENT: Not one penny of (Californias Prop 67) bag ban tax goes to the environment.
CONTENT: Hair stylists are required to undergo more government scrutiny than foreclosure consultants.
CONTENT: The Clinton Foundation took steps that went above and beyond all legal requirements and, indeed, all standard requirements followed by every other charitable organization.
CONTENT: Youve got a medical report on me that meets the same standard as Mitt Romney and Barack Obama.
CONTENT: Why didnt (uninsured Americans) buy insurance? Because of the expense.
CONTENT: There is a constitutional issue that affects the paychecks of members of Congress during a shutdown.
CONTENT: No one in the private sector gets unlimited accruals of vacation and sick leave.
Node: (12, 20)--------------------
CONTENT: Only half of the murders in the city of St. Louis get solved.
CONTENT: Too many tattoos on visible body parts keepsome applicants out of the military.
CONTENT: Rand Pauls speech ... on Gattaca was totally ripped off of Wikipedia.
CONTENT: Says Oregon recyclers cant recycle plastic bags
CONTENT: Were already seeing bakers and florists and photographers forced to participate in same-sex marriages under the threat of law and in some cases even jail.
Node: (12, 21)--------------------
CONTENT: Going to public financing really disadvantages Democrats because you're not able to raise funds between the day you win the primaries and the time you're officially nominated.
CONTENT: I have a record on the environment of creating green energy ... taking trash and turning it into cash.
CONTENT: I have a perfect voting record from organizations like the Veterans of Foreign Wars, the American Legion and all the other veterans service organizations.
CONTENT: Says female genital mutilation is a central African problem, not an Islamic problem, as Bill Maher suggested.
CONTENT: Gun marketplaces on Facebook mean ANYONE can broker a deal on a gun online, meet the seller in a parking lot somewhere, and walk away with a weapon.
CONTENT: Barry Smitherman doesnt have enough legal experience to apply for most of the jobs at the attorney generals office.
CONTENT: The fact is it's not amnesty.
CONTENT: Says the United States has treaties with apparently 69 countries where we are obligated to defend their borders. And these were treaties that were executive treaties, not authorized by Congress.
CONTENT: A report by the health insurance industry "ignores some of the key policies that are part of the Senate Finance Committee bill."
CONTENT: Says that voter identification laws keep poor people from voting, minorities from voting, the elderly from voting, students from voting.
Node: (12, 22)--------------------
CONTENT: Taxpayers are on the hook ... for less than a third of the proposed new Atlanta Falcons stadium, and those funds are repaid from money that comes from outsiders.
CONTENT: The United States sends $300 billion -- half our trade deficit -- overseas for oil to unstable and unfriendly regimes.
CONTENT: Georgia has some of the best maintained roads in America.
CONTENT: It turns out that Texas has an $18 billion budget shortfall and cant afford its new science textbooks.
CONTENT: While Act 10 allowed (Milwaukee County) to save some money, it was millions short of what we needed to fill the hole left by the $28 million cut in state aid.
CONTENT: The city of Nelson, Ga., is quieter than Mayberry.
CONTENT: Portland Bureau of Transportation barely break(s) even ticketing motorists.
CONTENT: Its actually easier for the United States to get flight manifests from E.U. nations than it is for E.U. nations to get them from their own neighbors, thanks to an agreement the U.S. negotiated when I was secretary of state.
CONTENT: Minnesota, Michigan, Iowa already have 70 mph speed limits on rural interstates, and we see that theyve been able to do it safely.
Node: (12, 23)--------------------
CONTENT: Rep. Paul Ryans Medicare plan lines the pockets of the private insurance companies, increases costs for seniors and does not reduce the deficit.
CONTENT: Almost every country on Earth sees America as stronger and more respected today than they did eight years ago when I took office.
CONTENT: Medicare does just as good, if not better, at keeping people healthy as Medicare Advantage.
CONTENT: Louisiana is turning down $100 million "that would require us to change our unemployment law, that would have actually raised taxes on Louisiana businesses."
CONTENT: North Koreahas over two-dozennuclear warheads.
CONTENT: A ban on earmarks greatly weakens the authority Congress has over spending, to the benefit of the executive branch.
CONTENT: We [the city of Atlanta] are overbuilt on housing.
CONTENT: David Beckhams soccer stadium would get a special tax deal that lets them off the hook for $2 million in taxes every year for 30 years.
CONTENT: The transportation tax is regressive, and Emory University is literally getting its own transit line at virtually no cost to itself.
CONTENT: In Texas, weve had three ISIS-related incidents already.
Node: (12, 24)--------------------
CONTENT: It is a fact that the economy does better when we have a Democrat in the White House.
CONTENT: The federal government is making the decision, whether we like it or not, to send 425 refugees to our state from Syria.
CONTENT: For every dollar we invest in Head Start, we get $5 to $7 back into our economy.
CONTENT: The United States gives $8 million a day to Israel and gives that country a blank check.
CONTENT: In state after state, polls make clear that the American public understands the Kelo ruling is a disaster.
CONTENT: The clear majority of Republican voters think that any deficit reduction package should have a balanced approach and should include some revenues.
CONTENT: The economy, by every metric, is better than when I came into office.
CONTENT: Thanks to the Obama administrations negotiations, Irans nuclear program will be under lock, key and camera 24 hours a day, 365 days a year.
Node: (12, 25)--------------------
CONTENT: Massachusetts Sen. Scott Brown shows someone can be bipartisan in Congress because he votes about 66 percent with his own party.
CONTENT: A Democratic poll operation shows that Fox News is the most trusted news operation in the country.
CONTENT: The Associated Press called Charlie Crist's attacks "over the top," "out of context," and "not true."
CONTENT: We've created or saved up to 1.6 million jobs, according to the CBO -- the Congressional Budget Office -- through the Recovery Act.
CONTENT: 61 percent of non-tea party Republicans actually agree...there is solid evidence the earth is warming, ...[but] 70 percent of tea partiers, contrarily, say there is no solid evidence the earth is warming.
CONTENT: Almost 400 arrests in the city last year for panhandling-related offenses involved just 78 suspects, an indication that the same people are panhandling over and over.
CONTENT: The Republican plan for tax cuts is to give each millionaire -- the top 1 percent of income in this country -- $83,347 a year in tax cuts.
CONTENT: The Georgia Department of Economic Development assisted with the creation of 28,776 jobs, an increase of 29 percent from last fiscal year, and $5.97 billion in investments, a 32 percent increase.
Node: (12, 26)--------------------
CONTENT: Says a poll found him the only Republican candidate who could beat Barack Obama in Texas -- and by eight points.
CONTENT: Says Zack Space voted for budgets and debt, energy taxes and the stimulus, and we still lost more than 2.5 million jobs.
CONTENT: In 1999, the NRA leadership in Washington, pretty much the same people intact, were for (expanded background checks.)
CONTENT: Says Lee Leffingwell raised property taxes 20 percent in three years.
CONTENT: The last six polls, including this week's Time magazine, show that I beat John McCain by six or seven points.
CONTENT: A tax plan promoted by North Carolina Senate candidate Thom Tillis will overwhelmingly benefit the wealthy.
CONTENT: Fifty-one percent -- that is, a majority of American households -- paid no income tax in 2009. Zero. Zip. Nada.
CONTENT: Ronald Reagan raised taxes in 1982, 1984, 1985, 1986 and 1987.
CONTENT: (Strickland) raised taxes last year to the tune of $840 million.
CONTENT: Says Scott Walker cut taxes for the wealthiest and raised taxes on 140,000 Wisconsin families.
CONTENT: Says a poll shows that without a name attached, Democrats are just one point behind Gov. John Kasich.
CONTENT: Says Richard Devlin raised your taxes by $1 billion in a single day.
CONTENT: Says Scott Brown voted with President Barack Obama 70 percent of the time in 2011.
CONTENT: Forty percent of union members voted Republican in 2008.
CONTENT: Says a change in law he carried stopped a $100 million tax increase in the Dallas school district.
CONTENT: Says GOP recall challenger Kim Simac was delinquent paying her property taxes eight of the last nine years.
CONTENT: Says Texas General Land Office has earned the school children of Texas $451,932.89 on wind leases that haven't produced a watt of energy."
CONTENT: We cut taxes 24 times.
CONTENT: Says taxes were raised 115 times in the eight years before I became governor and those increases were part of a path that led to wealth and jobs and people leaving our state.
CONTENT: Says women care most about jobs and the economy
CONTENT: Say in November 2010, voters overwhelmingly supported the idea of creating a (library) district.
CONTENT: The majority of (the American people) voted for a Democratic House.
CONTENT: I cut taxes 23 times when I was mayor of New York City.
CONTENT: (Romney's) record was that he raised taxes by $730-million.
CONTENT: Were losing almost 6,000 state jobs.
Node: (12, 27)--------------------
CONTENT: John McCain has seven houses.
CONTENT: Weve cut the deficit by two-thirds.
CONTENT: The economy always does better when theres a Democrat in the White House.
CONTENT: Says hes proposed the largest employer contribution to the Virginia Retirement System in history.
CONTENT: For every time the state gets paid a dollar in taxes (on gambling), somebody loses $6.
CONTENT: Liberal out-of-state special interests are spending millions on 5 and 6 to change the way Florida draws its congressional and legislative districts.
CONTENT: Says he did the very best in a recent poll in Iowa matching up each of the major Republican presidential candidates against President Barack Obama.
CONTENT: Weve seen our deficits cut by two-thirds.
CONTENT: A Houston school district analysis found that the (State Board of Education) more than quadrupled the number of historical figures students must learn about.
CONTENT: The overwhelming amount of the money that were raisingis not going to Hillary (Clinton) to run for president. ...Its going to the congressmen and senators to try to take back Congress.
CONTENT: Says a 1915 referendum on womens right to vote went down in New Jersey. And it took the Legislature to pass it.
CONTENT: We arent the only state cutting back on public television.
Node: (12, 28)--------------------
CONTENT: Four balanced budgets in a row, with no new taxes for anyone. The best job growth in 12 years. Nearly 130,000 new private-sector jobs. Merit pay to reward New Jerseys best teachers, and the most education funding ever.
CONTENT: Four balanced budgets in a row, with no new taxes for anyone. The best job growth in 12 years. Nearly 130,000 new private-sector jobs. Merit pay to reward New Jerseys best teachers, and the most education funding ever.
CONTENT: Two-thirds of the top-rated hospitals in Florida were our hospitals.
CONTENT: The American people say, dont touch Social Security, dont touch Medicare, dont cut defense. Thats 84 percent of the federal budget.
CONTENT: Virginia spends $400,000 on abstinence programs while losing $2.5 million in federal funds due to Gov. Bob McDonnells political agenda.
CONTENT: Education Week rates Ohio schools in the top five in the nation.
CONTENT: Having an entirely Democrat congressional delegation in 2009, when the [federal stimulus] bill passed, increases the per capita stimulus dollars that the state receives per person by $460.
CONTENT: We got the highest vote count in the history of the Republican Party.
CONTENT: Our rainy day fund has gone from 89 cents to $240 million.
CONTENT: Rep. Paul Ryans budget proposal cuts nothing from Medicare, Social Security or defense in the next two to three years, and in three years, he does not cut one dime from the debt.
CONTENT: The Republican Party has 21 percent party ID and shrinking.
CONTENT: Chicago Public Schools lead the country in high school graduation of an urban school system, match the United States of America in kids graduating high school going on to a four-year college, and are producing eighth-grade leaders in the country in math gains, fourth-grade leaders in reading gains.
CONTENT: In New Orleans, nearly100 percent of our kids are in charter schools.
Node: (12, 29)--------------------
CONTENT: In just 17 years, spending for Social Security, federal health care and interest on the debt will exceed ALL tax revenue!
CONTENT: The Republicans have 2 percent of the Muslim vote.
CONTENT: Massachusetts has less than 1 percent of our kids that are uninsured. You (Gov. Perry) have a million kids uninsured in Texas.
CONTENT: Florida has 1,200 golf courses. I think 58 million rounds played a year in Florida. Weve got 44 percent of all travel golf in the country here. 5 million people come here just for golf.
CONTENT: Casualties and deaths are at (their) lowest point since literally the beginning of the war.
CONTENT: Says the Panhandle has had its highest-ever bed tax collections in 2011.
CONTENT: Says MAX carries 30 percent of evening rush-hour commuters traveling from Downtown on the Sunset and Banfield freeways.
CONTENT: We are 49th in the nation for our graduation rate
CONTENT: Pinnacle Overlook in Southwest Virginia is closer to eight other state capitals than to Richmond.
CONTENT: Our graduation rate is the highest it's ever been.
CONTENT: Rhode Island charter schools are nationally recognized as outperforming their counterparts across the country.
CONTENT: Connecticuts take on slot machines is 25 cents on the dollar. And the states take on table games: zero.
CONTENT: Rhode Island has the worst maintained bridges in the United States of America . . . and we have the second worst maintained roads [behind] Alaska.
CONTENT: Georgia spends in the top 10 nationally on education, yet, most of our education metrics hover in the bottom five.
CONTENT: Peachtree and Pine is one of the leading sites for tuberculosis in the nation.
CONTENT: Lake Erie supports nearly 10 percent of Ohios jobs and generates $750 million in state and local taxes.
CONTENT: Says opponents of proposed Austin school district bonds say the districts debt load doubles with these new bonds.
CONTENT: Texas has 600,000 registered voters who dont have the kind of photo ID needed to vote.
CONTENT: Today we stand as the highest-performing urban school district in America.
CONTENT: Obamacare cuts $500 billion in future Medicare funding in order to fund the new constitutionally questionable government mandate, even going so far as to scuttle Medicares most popular (and successful) part, Medicare Advantage.
CONTENT: Dallas African-American and Hispanic students pass AP exams at a higher rate than any other place in America.
Node: (13, 0)--------------------
CONTENT: There are nearly 500,000 registered sex offenders across the country and at any one time about 100,000 are unaccounted for.
CONTENT: In Florida, illegal immigration costs taxpayers nearly $4 billion (a year). This amounts to $700 for every household in Florida.
CONTENT: Nearly 60% of all occupants of HUD properties in U.S. are illegals.
CONTENT: Under President (George W.) Bush, prosecution of gun crimes was 30 percent higher than it is under President Obama.
CONTENT: The federal limousine fleet has increased by 42 percent since Barack Obama took office.
CONTENT: Because of President Barack Obamas failure to push job creation, the black unemployment rate in Ferguson, Mo., is three times higher than the white unemployment rate.
CONTENT: In 2009, the state Legislature passed more than $5 billion in tax increases.
CONTENT: The economic stimulus bill created a council that's "modeled after the national board that controls Britains health system."
CONTENT: Says indoor workers get less UV than outdoor workers, but they get more melanomas.
CONTENT: I am every year the No.1 pick of all of the law enforcement agencies within Texas.
CONTENT: Women in the United States are paid about 70 percent of what men earn for the same work.
CONTENT: Under current policies, were going to reduce the overall debt of the United States by $3 trillion over the next 10 years.
CONTENT: When Jim Doyle was governor and Mary Burke was commerce secretary, Wisconsin saw billions in middle-class tax hikes on nursing home beds, gas, phones and garbage.
CONTENT: In the late 1980s, the U.S. was nearly the lowest-taxed nation in the world, and a quarter century later were nearly the highest.
CONTENT: Says that with President Obamas re-election, state and federal income tax rates for some taxpayers will rise to roughly 65 percent.
CONTENT: Says many local governments in Wisconsin already require employees to pay 20 percent, 30 percent or even 40 percent of their health insurance premiums.
CONTENT: Says We do about 300 investigations a year into housing discrimination and in recent years have put about $150,000 of damages into the pockets of individuals who have been treated unfairly.
CONTENT: In the 1990s, the Biden Crime Bill added 100,000 cops to America's streets. As a result, murder and violent crime rates went down eight years in a row.
CONTENT: The health care law includes a 3.8% sales tax on all real estate transactions.
Node: (13, 1)--------------------
CONTENT: If the Stamp Farm wind turbine is built, the health risk of flicker impact created by shadows of blades of turbines poses real and significant health risks, particularly seizures.
CONTENT: Says that compared to direct sales by manufacturers, consumers save avg of $500 per car sold through franchised dealer model.
CONTENT: Well over 90 percent of felony cases, all over the nation, are committed by defendants who grew up in father-absent households.
CONTENT: There are 300,000 babies born deformed every year in this country because of women who are alcoholics while they're carrying those children to term.
CONTENT: The largest category of people coming into the technical schools in Wisconsin are people with four-year degrees.
CONTENT: Historically, the Social Security tax has been assessed on about 90% of U.S. income. Now it captures 83% because theres been such a growth of income among the highest earners.
CONTENT: As a result of Obamacare, we are becoming something of a part-time employment country.
CONTENT: New Virginia regulations on abortion clinics provide the same sanitary environment we expect of dental offices.
CONTENT: It will cost $50,000 per enrollee in Obamacare over the next 10 years.
CONTENT: Typical minimum wage earners in America are teenagers living with their parents in middle class families.
CONTENT: Those who fail to buy health insurance under Obamacare face the threat of jail time.
Node: (13, 2)--------------------
CONTENT: Limiting labor negotiations to only wages is how it is for the most part in the private sector.
CONTENT: Says the difference between her and Barack Obama is "about 35 years of experience."
CONTENT: When his grandfather arrived in the United States, there were no government benefits for immigrants.
CONTENT: We have over 300 state agencies. Forty-five of those agencies are related to health care.
CONTENT: There are at least three sectors of the border, one in particular, that are just completely insecure.
CONTENT: Georgia has the most lax gun laws in the nation.
CONTENT: A data system that goes along with Common Core is designed to collect up to 400 data points on each child, which can include personally identifiable data.
CONTENT: There's no rationing in any of these bills.
CONTENT: Before Act 10, the total cost of public sector employees employment was 29 percent higher than that in the private sector. After the act, its still 22 percent higher.
CONTENT: Richmond is the most vegan-friendly city.
CONTENT: Spending on welfare, on prisons, and education, all of those have dropped by hundreds of millions of dollars because of Arizonas immigration laws that drove outundocumented immigrants.
CONTENT: Michelle Nunn ranks agriculture issues as the 18th most important items facing Georgia.
CONTENT: Wealthy taxpayers, not middle-income earners, get most of the deductions in the tax code.
CONTENT: Less than 10 percent of Obamas Cabinet appointees have any experience in the private sector.
CONTENT: In states where beer is unregulated, the per capita production is significantly higher.
CONTENT: Weve had the same leadership in the Travis County DAs office for 30 years.
CONTENT: Says Barack Obama put in place a board that can tell people ultimately what treatments theyre going to receive.
CONTENT: Less than 10 percent of President Barack Obamas Cabinet members have private-sector experience.
CONTENT: The biggest job of the surgeon general is to translate health care and health care needs into plain English.
CONTENT: In the history department at the University of Texas, out of 50 registered voters, only one is a Republican.
CONTENT: Says first eight chosen to draw Austin City Council districts are seven Democratic primary voters and one Republican primary voter.
CONTENT: The substitute budget now adds in tax breaks and tax deductions for those who buy these prisons.
CONTENT: Transporting drugs is the price of admission for people crossing the border illegally.
CONTENT: Some billionaires have a tax rate as low as 1 percent.
CONTENT: The Hollywood celebrities endorsing Hillary Clinton are in many cases celebrities that arent very hot anymore.
CONTENT: Rhode Island is one of only six states to use E-Verify.
Node: (13, 3)--------------------
CONTENT: The difference over the (previous) four years between where things were headed and where we brought them to over the last four years is a total of $816 in saved property tax money.
CONTENT: Says no one from the Bush family attended the 2012 Republican National Convention and there was no President Bush at the 2008 convention.
CONTENT: Ever wonder why no one ever came forward from Obamas past, saying they knew him, attended school with him, was his friend, etc.? Not one person has ever come forward from his past.
CONTENT: Says the United States is the only nation that affords citizenship to anyone born here, whether you are here legally or illegally.
CONTENT: It doesn't make sense "historically" to drop out because the 1968 race was still competitive when "Bobby Kennedy was assassinated in June in California."
CONTENT: Says his hometown of Paint Creek, Texas, doesnt even have a ZIP code.
CONTENT: We in the Democratic Party had no input into the locations of these hearings, nor did we have input into the process.
CONTENT: The Justice Departments Fast and Furious gun-walking program started in the Bush administration.
CONTENT: The citys 30 percent set aside for affordable housing in urban renewal areas is calculated citywide -- not district by district
CONTENT: In 2009, pre-Hillary, ISIS was not even on the map.
CONTENT: After the U.S.-led military alliance ejected Saddam Husseins forces from Kuwait in 1991, the Kuwaitis never paid us.
CONTENT: Florida was the only state during my eight years to go from AA to AAA in its bond rating.
CONTENT: Says Wisconsins 2011-13 state budget contains no fee increases
Node: (13, 4)--------------------
CONTENT: For the past eight years, Gov. Carcieri and Mrs. Carcieri would host the lighting of the State House Christmas tree.
CONTENT: Did you know that in 2013 over 50 percent of all babies born in Oregon were Hispanic?
CONTENT: All the really great programs in American history, Social Security, was done without Republicans. Medicare was done without Republican support until the last vote where they realized they had to get on board.
CONTENT: The only years that anybodys ever seen of Donald Trumps tax returns showed he didnt pay any federal income tax.
CONTENT: Were $15 trillion now in debt, with a president thats racked up as much debt as almost all of the other presidents combined.
CONTENT: I was totally against the war in Iraq.
CONTENT: Says that when Michelle Fields found out that there was a security camera, and that they had her on tape, all of a sudden that story changed.
CONTENT: Says El Paso was named Americas Safest Large City a year after San Antonio, Houston and Dallas had the nations highest crime rates.
CONTENT: We had a press conference here that interestingly no one in the mainstream media covered.
CONTENT: Every piece of legislation, just about, that I ever introduced (in the U.S. Senate) had a Republican co-sponsor.
CONTENT: When Obama went to Pakistan in 1981, he could not have been traveling as a U.S. citizen.
CONTENT: I actually started criticizing the war in Iraq before (Obama) did.
CONTENT: I balanced the budget for four straight years, paid off $405 billion in debt.
CONTENT: Iranian mullahs took American hostages and they held the American hostages for 444 days. ...The one hour in which they released them was the one hour in which Ronald Reagan was taking the Oath of Office 
CONTENT: Clinton said great things about NAFTA until she started running for president.
CONTENT: Says Did you know that the #KeystoneXL project is expected to create 20,000 American jobs, including more than 800 in Oregon?
CONTENT: Says his GOP challenger, Doug MacGinnitie, "hadnt voted in a Republican primary for almost 20 years until 2008.
Node: (13, 5)--------------------
CONTENT: Prior to 1962, everybody prayed before school started, and the Bible was the principal textbook in all schools.
CONTENT: For his first interview as president, Barack Obama chose Arab TV for an apology.
CONTENT: Says Wisconsin Manufacturers Commerces own 2014 survey revealed that just 15 percent of business executive respondents were in favor of Right-To-Work legislation.
CONTENT: It's just outrageous that under President Bush, the National Institutes of Health have been basically decreased in funding.
CONTENT: Says I was the first governor in America to endorse Mitt Romney.
CONTENT: In 2006, I went out and authored a letter with 24 other senators asking for major reform of Freddie and Fannie, warning of a meltdown and a bubble in the housing market.
CONTENT: At my first Lets Get to Work Day we sold out; more than 240 dozen doughnuts by 8:30 a.m.
CONTENT: Says Bruce Springsteen only had 8,000 tickets sold for a Greensboro show and canceled after they didnt get the ticket sales they wanted.
CONTENT: Says the Defense Department shrink-wrapped $10.8 billion in American money, loaded it on 175 pallets and put it on a transport plane to Iraq where they passed out $100 bills and no one has any receipts.
CONTENT: For four days in Denver, the Democrats were afraid to use the words 'Islamic terrorism.'
CONTENT: I just talked about guns. I told you what my position was, and what I did as governor, the fact that I received the endorsement of the NRA.
CONTENT: When Mitt Romney chose Paul Ryan as his vice-presidential running mate, that was the end of Romneys chances to win.
CONTENT: Says President Barack Obama did not invite a Republican senator to dine at the White House until his fifth year in office.
CONTENT: The first tweet was sent from Austin.
CONTENT: When we held recent economic dialogues with China, we agreed on over 100 different things including wildlife trafficking and volcano research. None of these 100-plus points of agreement addressed cybersecurity.
CONTENT: The 2013 immigration bill expanded President Obamas ability to bring Syrian refugees to this country without mandating any meaningful background checks.
CONTENT: Says Barack Obama was happily photographed holding a T-shirt with revolutionary Ernesto Che Guevaras face on it.
Node: (13, 6)--------------------
CONTENT: When President, then candidate, Obama was asked to disclose some of his donors because there was suspicion of their being the foreign source of money into his campaign, they refused to do it.
CONTENT: Says a Bureau of Labor Statistics report attributed a sharp increase in work-related fatalities to increasing numbers of employees and drivers could not read or understand warning signs in English.
CONTENT: The United States was not one of 16 countries where David Perdue said in his Pillowtex deposition that he created jobs.
CONTENT: Of hospitals in Rick Scotts Columbia/HCA health care company, "A top executive said they even turned away a poor man and left him to die outside their door."
CONTENT: When Obama was interviewed by American reporters in Asia, "Not one of them asked me about Asia. Not one of them asked me about the economy."
CONTENT: Says a man in Ferguson, Mo., was photographed holding a sign that said, No mother should have to fear for her sons life every time he robs a store.
CONTENT: Even Richard Nixon released his tax returns to the public when he was running for president ...
CONTENT: You lie! (in response to President Obama saying health reform would not insure illegal immigrants.)
Node: (13, 7)--------------------
CONTENT: Mitt Romneys and Bain Capitals profits from KB Toys, which later went out of business, were described by the Boston Herald as disgusting.
CONTENT: I co-sponsored the Rebuild America Jobs Act for transportation and infrastructure.
CONTENT: The National Science Foundation spent $1.2 million paying seniors to play World of Warcraft to study the impact it had on their brain.
CONTENT: Says U.S. Rep. Ann McLane Kuster used $293,000 of taxpayer money to send campaign mail.
CONTENT: About 800 people refused to get a drug screening because they are out there on drugs.
CONTENT: We gave every public employee in the state the freedom to choose whether or not they want to be in a union.
CONTENT: Obama said troops "whine about bearing the costs" of going to war.
CONTENT: An image in a ChrisAbele TV ad depicts wealthy citizens who would benefit from a lake created by the controversial Estabrook Dam.
CONTENT: Obama ... gave almost a million dollars to the (Kenya) opposition campaign who just happened to be his cousin, Raila Odinga.
CONTENT: Says Michelle Obama waved red communist flags on her trip to China.
CONTENT: The president came in and campaigned against me 12 times.
CONTENT: Our government has spent $2.6 million to teach Chinese prostitutes how to drink responsibly.
CONTENT: U.S. Department of Homeland Security has told banks -- in writing -- it may inspect safe deposit boxes without warrant and seize any gold, silver, guns or other valuables it finds inside those boxes!
Node: (13, 8)--------------------
CONTENT: The president said hes going to bring in 250,000 (Syrian and Iraqi) refugees into this country.
CONTENT: Says Democrats first proposed prohibiting the government from negotiating prices for prescription drugs in Medicare Part D and he had nothing to do with that provision in the law.
CONTENT: President Barack Obama met with Iranian president Hassan Rouhani.
CONTENT: Says Dow Chemical decided to build a plant in Saudi Arabia rather than Oklahoma due to the impact of environmental regulations on the supply of natural gas.
CONTENT: If you care about the environment, weve got record funding.
CONTENT: Obama "suggested bombing Pakistan."
CONTENT: Barack Obama opposed a bill that would have saved Gianna Jessen's life.
CONTENT: EPA wants to regulate the family BBQ.
CONTENT: Says Texas lawmakers agreed to cut states rainy day fund in half, spending $4 billion from current $8 billion.
CONTENT: I differed with my party on business legislation, on consumer protection, and on free trade agreements.
CONTENT: The Obama administration even proposed banning farm kids from doing basic chores!
Node: (13, 9)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Mitt Romney wants to get rid of Planned Parenthood.
CONTENT: Says Scott Walker wants to ban common forms of birth control, including the pill.
CONTENT: Says Barack Obama supported Ted Kennedys ammo ban to outlaw all deer-hunting ammunition.
CONTENT: Says Ken Cuccinelli wants to eliminate all forms of birth control.
CONTENT: Says Wisconsin Senate recall candidate Jessica King voted to increase her pay with taxpayer dollars by 63 percent.
CONTENT: Says he opposed the presidents decision to go into Iraq in 2003.
CONTENT: Says he stood up to his own party by voting against the budget to stop runaway government spending.
CONTENT: The stimulus bill promised to keep unemployment under 8%.
CONTENT: Says President Barack Obama wants to raise the lowest (income) tax rate from 10 to 15 percent.
CONTENT: Says Barack Obama promised gasoline at $2.50 a gallon.
CONTENT: Says Marco Rubio said we should be considering internment of Muslims, and maybe we should close down cafes and diners where Muslims gather and in fact compared them to the Nazi party.
Node: (13, 10)--------------------
CONTENT: On the accuracy of state jobs numbers.
CONTENT: (Brendan) Doherty wants to raise the eligibility age for Social Security benefits for anyone born after 1960, with no regard for the challenges it would cause for people working in physically demanding occupations.
CONTENT: Says Gerald Daugherty advocated lowering the penalty for crimes like strangulation in domestic violence cases because they just throw more people into the jail system.
CONTENT: On reconciliation
CONTENT: On restoring voting rights to non-violent felons.
CONTENT: On eliminating the influence of money in policy campaigns
CONTENT: Jeff Greene on why hewent Cuba.
CONTENT: On support for the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare).
CONTENT: On the importance of judicial experience for Supreme Court nominees.
CONTENT: On protecting Social Security benefits and changing the retirement age.
CONTENT: On whether he supports 'Don't Ask, Don't Tell.'
CONTENT: Says Adam Hasner said he will never accept a pay increase, but he voted to raise his pay four times.
CONTENT: Says Obama opposes innovation, the electric car and "clean, safe, nuclear energy."
CONTENT: On mandating health care coverage.
CONTENT: Bill McCollum on the Arizona immigration law.
CONTENT: On whether President Obamas speeches to school children spread socialist ideology.
CONTENT: On transparency in dealing with the Republican Party of Florida's financial issues.
Node: (13, 11)--------------------
CONTENT: On whether the United States should intervene in Libya.
CONTENT: Accuses President Barack Obama of making contradictory claims about efforts to kill Osama bin Laden in 2008 and 2011.
CONTENT: On whether he wants to be vice president.
CONTENT: On support for a military strike on Syria
CONTENT: On privatization of Social Security.
CONTENT: On opposing any and all efforts to increase taxes.
CONTENT: Dan Webster supports privatization of Social Security, deep cuts in Social Security.
CONTENT: On support for Ronald Reagans policies
CONTENT: On whether the governor of Massachusetts should be able to appoint an interim U.S. senator
CONTENT: On a bipartisan task force on ways to improve fiscal policy.
Node: (13, 14)--------------------
CONTENT: Under the Hate Crimes bill, "any pastor, preacher, priest, rabbi or imam who gives a sermon out of their moral traditions about sexual practices could be found guilty of a federal crime."
CONTENT: An attack on a healthy 22-year-old homosexual man would be more protected under the law than an attack on an eight-year-old child.
CONTENT: Under my platform, I will make no changes to the current (Medicare) system for current retirees and anyone approaching retirement.
Node: (13, 15)--------------------
CONTENT: A 2013 state law would allow the operator of an iron ore mine in northern Wisconsin to fill in pristine streams and ponds with mine waste.
CONTENT: Department of Veterans Affairs doctors are prohibited from recommending medical marijuana.
CONTENT: Assault weapons and handguns are allowed in the state Capitol while bullhorns, trumpets, helium balloons and flags on poles are banned.
CONTENT: Legislation being considered in Texas would strip the salaries and pensions of clerks who issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples even if the Supreme Court strikes down Texas marriage ban later this year.
CONTENT: Pregnant women trying to buy health insurance on their own are barred from maternity coverage because they have a pre-existing condition.
CONTENT: A sitting sheriff cannot be charged except by a warrant issued by a Superior Court judge.
CONTENT: The House Zika bill limits access to birth control services needed to help curb the spread of the virus in Puerto Rico.
CONTENT: Under Floridas voting law, a requirement to turn in voter registrations within 48 hours makes it impossible to meet the deadline if youre working right to the end of the week.
CONTENT: Canada "does spills into their water to practice in the event that this would happen. That is not allowed in the United States."
CONTENT: To use money from the TARP fund in the manner that is being discussed by the White House and congressional Democrats would be a violation of the law.
CONTENT: The government does not need a warrant to read your old emails.
CONTENT: Wisconsin was the first state to ban public and private sector employment discrimination based on sexual orientation.
CONTENT: Federal law prohibits the growing of industrial hemp in the United States.
CONTENT: Deer baiting, planned for Block Island by DEM, is illegal in Rhode Island.
CONTENT: An amendment inserted by lawmakers into the state budget exempts scientific researchers from all state animal cruelty laws.
CONTENT: The president can "authorize the killing of a U.S. citizen who fights for a foreign terrorist organization."
CONTENT: Currently, Florida is one of only five states in the nation that prohibit citizens from buying electricity from companies that will put solar panels on your home or business.
CONTENT: Ten retired nuns were barred from voting in the 2008 Indiana Democratic primary.
CONTENT: Federal regulations required the changes to Georgias drivers license renewal process.
Node: (13, 16)--------------------
CONTENT: A bill before the Georgia General Assembly would make presidential candidates meet citizenship requirements that are not in the U.S. Constitution.
CONTENT: Under federal law, Jared Loughner would not have been able to buy a gun had he been identified as mentally ill.
CONTENT: Says under federal law we do not have any limitation on the number of guns and bullets we can buy.
CONTENT: Texas legislation would allow teachers to kill their students if they felt it was needed.
CONTENT: The Milwaukee County executive can sell the public museum, the airport and the zoo -- all on his own, without County Board approval
CONTENT: Its illegal for a state to say were simply going to cut off (union contract) negotiations. Theres a legal requirement that you are involved in good faith bargaining.
CONTENT: It is against the law for the NSA to record or monitor Americans phone calls without getting a specific FISA warrant to do so.
CONTENT: When I become the nominee, the Democratic nominee, I will be the only pro-choice candidate on the ballot.
CONTENT: Federal law adopted under Tommy Thompsons watch prohibits the government from negotiating for better prices on prescription drugs for senior citizens
Node: (13, 17)--------------------
CONTENT: Ohio is not meeting its obligation to update voter registrations when voters change their address with the BMV.
CONTENT: Jeff Greene only moved from California to Florida in the last two years. In fact, he would not legally be allowed to run for any other statewide office because he has not lived here long enough to meet the residency requirement.
CONTENT: Uber and other ride-share firms are not required to carry auto insurance under Georgia law.
CONTENT: Florida has a law like (Indianas Religious Freedom Restoration Act).
CONTENT: What is and isnt a Schedule I narcotic is a job for Congress.
CONTENT: The legislation ... that Senator McCain supports would provide the authority for the federal government to surveille American citizens in their own country without any suspicion whatsoever that they're engaging in discussions with terrorists or about criminal activity.
CONTENT: The House of Representatives just voted 300-131 to remove country-of-origin labeling on chicken, pork, and beef sold in the U.S.
CONTENT: The governor does not have any power to veto a referendum [on same-sex marriage] that would be a constitutional amendment.
CONTENT: The Iran deal violates promises the president made to the American people. ...It is not an anytime, anywhere inspection process.
CONTENT: Florida doesnt regulate assault weapons or .50 caliber rifles or large-capacity ammunition magazines. It doesnt require a permit to purchase a gun. It doesnt require any registration, whatsoever.
CONTENT: The governor having a meeting ... isnt covered by the open meetings act.
CONTENT: Legally, it doesnt make any difference which state district you live in when running for Congress.
CONTENT: The Constitution doesnt allow the governor to not-spend appropriations funds.
CONTENT: Many types of fish and shellfish from waters across the state are labeled unsafe to eat.
CONTENT: We are the only major country on Earth that doesnt guarantee health care to all people as a right.
CONTENT: In Wisconsin, a second arrest for carrying pot is a felony, but a second or subsequent arrest for carrying a gun illegally is a misdemeanor.
Node: (13, 18)--------------------
CONTENT: Under legislation that has cleared the Georgia House, some children who are legal refugees could obtain state scholarships to attend private schools.
CONTENT: A bill delaying the start of classes until Labor Day would permit school districts to shave 5 full weeks off the school year.
CONTENT: President Obama in November of last year wiped away (a program) that allows for shared fingerprinting for those who are behind bars so you know who is here legally and illegally.
CONTENT: Forty-five states allow open carry of firearms.
CONTENT: Congress gave an unelected board the power to deny care to seniors.
CONTENT: The IRS has been specifically forbidden ... from ever actually pursuing either civil or criminal remedies for people who dont purchase health insurance.
CONTENT: Says the states new collective bargaining law effectively eliminates police unions ability to negotiate.
CONTENT: With the exception of slavery and the Chinese Exclusion Act, our laws have never barred persons from becoming citizens.
CONTENT: All members of Congress are required to be in Obamacare, but Obama and members of his administration have their own gold-plated health care plans that theyre in.
CONTENT: The Geneva Convention did not apply, until 2005, to the war on terror.
CONTENT: Using a surcharge on the cigarette tax to help pay for a new downtown sports arena is not feasible under state law.
CONTENT: The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has no congressional oversight.
CONTENT: Says the Pentagon has never passed a financial audit. In fact, the Pentagon is exempt from a federal law that requires all federal agencies to complete annual audits.
CONTENT: The Georgia Senate ethics resolution doesnt define cap.
CONTENT: No one was taken into custody for feeding the homeless.
CONTENT: Will (HB2)threaten federal funding for public schools under Title IX? No, according to a federal court which has looked at a similar issue.
CONTENT: Our state economic development agency under Walker, WEDC, actually isnt even using the funds that are appropriated to it.
CONTENT: The Employee Free Choice Act mandates the elimination of the secret ballot.
CONTENT: An Internet sweepstakes cafe is a legitimate business that has been vetted and found to be completely legal in the state.
CONTENT: We havent had any legislation which took away one gun in the past 20 years from anybody in this country--not one.
Node: (13, 19)--------------------
CONTENT: Californias Prop 60, which would requirecondom usein adult films, would put workers in the adult film industry at riskfor lawsuits and harassment.
CONTENT: The ABA's own criteria for a judicial nominee call for, among other things, at least 12 years' experience in the practice of law, and they mean actual practice of law.
CONTENT: Marco Rubio was "subpoenaed."
CONTENT: Every signer of the Declaration of Independence had no federal elected office experience.
CONTENT: Says he can be on the ballot for Congress while serving time in jail.
CONTENT: House Appropriations Chair David Obey's partial earmark ban wouldn't apply to 90% of earmarks.
CONTENT: Oregon Health Plan rations covered procedures under certain circumstances
CONTENT: Wisconsins Government Accountability Board ignored their duties and did not regularly audit voters to remove felons for a span of 16 elections.
CONTENT: Says a gun bill before the Senate would make it a federal felony to leave town for more than seven days, and leave someone else at home with your firearms.
CONTENT: The Rhode Island Parole Board never received an objection from the attorney general to the parole of convicted murder Alfred Brissette.
CONTENT: Says an amendment specifying when military members may use deadly force does nothing to change existing rules of engagement for American service members.
CONTENT: Two-thirds of the federal budget is permanent law ... its permanently appropriated.
CONTENT: Under the ruling of the Supreme Court, any lobbyist could go into any legislator and say, if you don't vote our way on this bill, we're going to run a million-dollar campaign against you in your district.
Node: (13, 20)--------------------
CONTENT: Proposed NClaw for body camera footage gives police broad authority to keep video footage secret even from individuals who are filmed.
CONTENT: Every other major country has family paid leave.
CONTENT: Other Western countries have ended their "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" policies.
CONTENT: No one beta-tested healthcare.gov.
CONTENT: Says four-year terms for City Council members are the norm in most cities of our size.
CONTENT: Obama "closed offshore tax safe havens."
CONTENT: Studies have consistently failed to establish the existence of a link between the harshness of a countrys drug laws and its levels of drug use.
CONTENT: The failings in our civil service are encouraged by a system that makes it very difficult to fire someone even for gross misconduct.
CONTENT: There have been at least four incidents where bullets from Mexico have crossed the border.
Node: (13, 21)--------------------
CONTENT: Rhode Island is the only state where officers at state-supported [colleges] carry out their duties unarmed.
CONTENT: Theres never been a direct Supreme Court case on people who were here illegally, whether or not their kids are citizens.
CONTENT: You cant raise taxes in Ohio. We are one of the highest taxed states in the country.
CONTENT: The health insurance plan that (members of Congress) have is no different than any other federal employees in the United States government.
CONTENT: Theres not a single, solitary example that signing the bill to end Glass-Steagall had anything to do with the financial crash.
CONTENT: There are cities and counties in Georgia that dont have websites, and where elected officials dont have email addresses.
CONTENT: Theres pretty much no question that [the curfew ordinances] arent effective in either reducing crime or preventing harm to young people.
CONTENT: Not a single banker, a CEO from Wall Street, anyone from corporate America nobody, (there was) not one arrest of any of these people who brought down the economy in 2008.
CONTENT: Our state has no major rivers to produce big hydropower.
Node: (13, 22)--------------------
CONTENT: We have a federal government that thinks they have the authority to regulate our toilet seats.
CONTENT: More than 70,000 job openings are listed on a state jobs website.
CONTENT: Says Portland has higher standards than feds on allowed police use of force.
CONTENT: Thousands of politicians from across Ohio along with their relatives, employees and friends are still eligible to serve on the proposed redistricting commission.
CONTENT: The United States is the only advanced country on Earth that doesnt guarantee paid maternity leave to our workers.
CONTENT: As usual, Hillary the Dems are trying to rig the debates so 2 are up against major NFL games.
CONTENT: Were the Sunshine State, and were hardly doing any solar energy production.
CONTENT: Our community (Tampa Bay) is one of the 10 most threatened by the sea level rise in the world.
CONTENT: Right now, Texas doesnt have an income tax and Oklahomas lowering their income tax rates, and guess what their severance tax is? Sky high.
CONTENT: Floridas proposed medical marijuana amendment would make Florida one of the most lenient medical-marijuana states, allowing use for limitless other conditions specified by any physician.
CONTENT: The CDC issued a report commissioned by President Obama just earlier this year, and it found some very inconvenient facts. Armed citizens are less likely harmed by attackers. Effectiveness of gun control laws is mixed. Gun buybacks dont work.
CONTENT: Says that unlike Texas, Missouri has a perfect AAA credit rating.
CONTENT: Lizbeth Benacquistos supporters would make (abortion) illegal in all cases, including rape, incest, even to save a womans life.
Node: (13, 23)--------------------
CONTENT: We pay among the highest tolls in the nation for the privilege of crossing that bridge.
CONTENT: The Trans-Pacific Partnership knocks out 18,000 tariffs that other countries place on American products and goods.
CONTENT: I have a very conservative voting record.
CONTENT: The United States is numberonein the world in energyresources;Russia isnumber two.
CONTENT: Alabamians havent changed their opinion on same-sex marriage since voting to ban it in 2006.
CONTENT: Theres a big chunk of the country that thinks that I have been too soft on Wall Street.
CONTENT: We live in "a time of historically low violent crime rates and historically high gun ownership rates nationally."
CONTENT: Tourism and retirees are the dominant economic engines in our state.
CONTENT: Lets say (Republicans) take away half of our delegates. Theyre worth more than Iowas, New Hampshires and almost South Carolinas combined.
Node: (13, 24)--------------------
CONTENT: Says the federal health care law upheld by the Supreme Court has improved or saved the lives of more than 4,000 Texans otherwise prevented from obtaining health coverage due to pre-existing conditions.
CONTENT: Says Michael Bennet votes for President Obamas agenda 98 percent of the time. Hardly independent, hardly bipartisan.
CONTENT: Says Israel profiles based on ethnicity and does it very successfully.
Node: (13, 25)--------------------
CONTENT: The most recent Associated Press poll has Nader-Gonzalez at 6 percent, without any national coverage, against McCain and Obama.
CONTENT: What happens is people like Warren Buffett and he says this himself...pay 15 percent on the millions of dollars that they earn from wealth income... while their secretary is paying a higher rate on her work income. It's not right.
CONTENT: Shaheen votes with Obama 99 percent of the time.
CONTENT: Independent voters have a ten-point margin in favor of Mitt Romney right now.
CONTENT: We are in the sixth year of recovery, and median income is below what it was at the start of the recovery.
CONTENT: Says recent polls show Americans agree with Republicans that the federal debt ceiling should not be raised and the debt and deficit should be dealt with mostly by cutting spending.
CONTENT: The Pentagons survey about the Dont Ask, Dont Tell policy found that 92 percent of service members agree that they could serve ... in a unit in combat without compromising mission readiness.
CONTENT: A new Rasmussen poll shows people "oppose (Sotomayor's) confirmation. Only 37 percent support it."
CONTENT: There are polls showing right now that the American people for the most part think its a bad idea to provide tax cuts to the wealthy.
CONTENT: Georgias CRCT set some of the lowest expectations for student proficiency in the nation.
CONTENT: Opinion polls show that the majority of Americans, and the majority of New Jerseyans, favor marriage equality for same sex couples.
CONTENT: Distracted driving such as texting behind the wheel is behind a rise in traffic deaths on Georgia roadways this year.
CONTENT: A statewide poll showing 76 percent support and other surveys are a strong indicator of broad public support in Milwaukee County for a $10.10 minimum wage
CONTENT: Every survey shows strong satisfaction with private coverage.
CONTENT: Polls show Americans are overwhelmingly opposed to Obamacare, especially the individual mandate.
CONTENT: The health care bill will subsidize families of four that make more than $80,000 a year.
CONTENT: Over 80 percent of the people want the shot to vote on whether to approve same-sex marriage, according to polls.
CONTENT: Youth unemployment is through the roof.
CONTENT: Sherrod Browns approval rating has plummeted to 38 percent among Ohio voters in a poll by a Democratic pollster.
Node: (13, 26)--------------------
CONTENT: Odds of winning the Monopoly Millionaire instant win game are 1 in 3.27.
CONTENT: [L]ess than one-tenth of Atlantas transportation needs are covered in a referendum to levy a 1-cent sales tax.
CONTENT: Says U.S. Rep. John Barrow left taxpayers on the hook for $950k study on genetic makeup of ants.
CONTENT: My support from young voters -- those 18 to 24 -- in November 2014 was largely unheard of for a Republican.
CONTENT: The president of the United States came in the Tuesday before the election in a ward that went 99% for him in the last election and they couldnt even (increase) the vote there.
CONTENT: Langevin votes the party line about 98 percent of the time."
CONTENT: Every poll said I won the debate.
CONTENT: Says 7,000 millionaires gamed the system to pay no income taxes.
CONTENT: During her first four years in Washington Sen. Ayotte voted with the Koch brothers nearly 90 percent of the time.
CONTENT: Mitt Romney received exactly zero votes in at least 12 Cuyahoga County precincts.
CONTENT: Sherrod Brown has voted with Barack Obama 95 percent of the time.
CONTENT: Says U.S. Sen. Bill Nelson voted with the Democrats in Congress nearly 95 percent of the time.
CONTENT: Says signs posted at projects funded by the federal stimulus act has cost 20 or 40 million dollars.
CONTENT: Sherrod Brown failed to pay his own taxes three separate times.
CONTENT: Theyre saying that 40 percent of the traffic that goes over [the Sakonnet River Bridge is from] out of state.
Node: (13, 27)--------------------
CONTENT: Paul Ryans Medicare plan could raise future retirees costs more than $6,000.
CONTENT: Texas leads the country in drunk driving fatalities.
CONTENT: Georgia is on track for 1,200 traffic fatalities this year, a reversal of nine years of declines.
CONTENT: At the time that (Medicare Part D) was passed (it) was actually less popular than the Affordable Care Act, according to the polls.
CONTENT: Just remember this: the presidents health care bill put 30 million people on health care rolls that werent there before.
CONTENT: Were No. 1 in child hunger.
CONTENT: The Medicare drug program resulted in the program coming in 40 percent under budget. ... And the reason it was, is because the design was right.
CONTENT: Attorney General Eric Holders own Justice Department precleared the voting changes in the 2011 law about early voting in Florida.
CONTENT: When Social Security started, age expectancy for the average man was 58. It was 62 -- 62 for women.
CONTENT: Since 1961 our private economy has produced 66 million private-sector jobs. So whats the jobs score? Republicans 24 million, Democrats 42 (million).
CONTENT: Our ranking in terms of the best and worst states to do business in was 43 four years ago, and we just moved up to 17 two weeks ago.
CONTENT: In Ferguson, Mo.,youve got threeblack officers and 50 white officers with a town that is 67 percent African-American.
CONTENT: Harvard Study Finds States With Most Gun Laws Have Fewest Gun Deaths.
CONTENT: Says Texas leads the nation in fatal industrial accidents.
Node: (13, 28)--------------------
CONTENT: 2008 was the deadliest year of the war (in Afghanistan) for American forces.
CONTENT: Texas leads the nation in the percentage of residents without health insurance.
CONTENT: Rhode Island is at the top of the country for alcohol-related fatalities.
CONTENT: Fifty percent of Speaker Gingrichs tax plan goes to the top 1 percent.
CONTENT: Texas is LAST (50th) in spending for mental health care.
CONTENT: Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison's "concession speech came with less than 20 percent of the precincts having been counted.
CONTENT: Says Texas ranks last in the percentage of residents with high school diplomas.
CONTENT: The tax-cut deal adds more than $800 billion to the deficit over two years -- more than the cost of TARP and more than the cost of the Recovery Act and about the same as health care reform.
CONTENT: Hollywood is #1 in Broward homicides in 2013. Thanks Chief Fernandez!
CONTENT: Georgia has led the nation in student fatalities caused by motorists illegally passing stopped school buses.
Node: (13, 29)--------------------
CONTENT: Since 1968, more Americans have died from gunfire than died in all the wars of this countrys history.
CONTENT: Rhode Island is almost dead last among Northeastern states in the length of time first-degree murderers must spend in prison before theyre eligible for parole.
CONTENT: After (Jeb) Bushs two terms in office, Floridas graduation rate was dead last and remains near the bottom.
CONTENT: FACT: the special assistant in @johnkasichs office makes over three times more than an average #OH firefighter
CONTENT: Rhode Islanders pay among the highest auto repair bills in the nation.
CONTENT: Fulton County has successfully reduced the number of pregnancies among 15- to 19-year-olds.
CONTENT: Says tax revenues are the lowest they have been since World War II.
CONTENT: Right now, we only keep 50 percent of Georgia Techs graduates.
CONTENT: Florida high schools are four out of the top 10 in the entire United States.
CONTENT: If voters agree in November to approve a one-cent sales tax increase, that will give "Hillsborough County the highest sales tax of all Florida counties."
CONTENT: After today, @GovJayNixon will have been overridden more times than all previous governors in #MO history #moleg
CONTENT: Texas ranks third in teen pregnancies... and it is No. 1 in repeat teen pregnancies.
CONTENT: Texas now has the second-highest high school graduation rate in the country. And it has the highest graduation rate for African Americans and Hispanics.
CONTENT: Tennessees grocery tax is one of the highest in the nation.
CONTENT: Says Georgia ranks near the bottom in per capita transportation spending.
CONTENT: Oregon leads the nation in number of jobs per capita in manufacturing.
CONTENT: Congress as a whole is less popular than its been since polling was invented.
CONTENT: Portland, Ore., has never gotten over 12 to 15 percent ridership of its public transit system in the past 12 years.
CONTENT: United States of America is twenty-sixth in school performance in the world.
CONTENT: In Texas, there are 668 Democratic Hispanic elected officials to the 60 in the Republican Party.
Node: (14, 0)--------------------
CONTENT: Says stores will be barred from selling 100-watt light bulbs as of 2012.
CONTENT: Under a new law, doctors performing drug-induced abortions could be charged if women dont return to them for follow-up care
CONTENT: For every one ESD superintendent position, we can pay for three speech pathologists, or three special needs instructors, or three classroom teachers.
CONTENT: Says he has a fiduciary responsibility to his business, his family and his employees to pay no more tax than legally required.
CONTENT: The majority of the people that are coming to Arizona and trespassing are now becoming drug mules.
CONTENT: In Oregon, 12,808 people were arrested for marijuana-related crimes in 2012.
CONTENT: According to a recent Congressional Budget Office report, under Obamacare, 7 million people will lose their employer-sponsored insurance.
CONTENT: If Gov. Romneys plan goes into effect the average senior would have to pay $460 a year more in tax for their Social Security.
CONTENT: Thanks to actions by the Milwaukee County Board on the 2013 budget, the amount of county taxes on the average home in the city of Milwaukee would be a $19 decrease.
CONTENT: Starting in 2011, "you will be required to pay taxes" on "the value of whatever health insurance you are given by the company."
CONTENT: In 2006, Arizona had four ballot issues that were "very tough on illegal immigration... Forty-seven percent of the Hispanics in Arizona voted for them."
CONTENT: Under a proposed Georgia law, women who miscarry could become felons.
CONTENT: Our children's safety is potentially at risk because nearly half of the apple juice consumed by our children comes from apples grown in China.
CONTENT: While fat-cat bureaucrats at the Department of Education are getting paid an average salary of $102,000 a year, teachers in Georgia are getting paid half of that.
CONTENT: This year, the Austin City Council granted a small homestead property tax exemption of $5,000... applied equally to everyone. And we also granted an exemption for the elderly and the disabled members of the community.
CONTENT: Says residents of Texas and San Antonio can be fired or denied jobs because they are gay.
CONTENT: Under Greg Abbott, Texas four-year-olds would be forced to undergo standardized tests.
CONTENT: People who wash cars at home will use approximately 80 percent more water than they do in a car wash.
CONTENT: Under the Romney/Ryan budget, interest rates on federal student loans would be allowed to double.
Node: (14, 1)--------------------
CONTENT: Because of the new health care law, 17 million kids can no longer be denied for a pre-existing condition.
CONTENT: Says 15,000 IRS employees have to be added to administer ObamaCare and look at the tax implications.
CONTENT: Under Gov. Scott Walkers public-school budgets, a student entering kindergarten will not enjoy the same state investment in his or her education as those that came before them until they are graduating from high school.
CONTENT: Says under the new health care law the patient-doctor relationship will be eliminated.
CONTENT: You are three times more likely to be able to get a mortgage if youre a white applicant than if youre black or Hispanic, even if you have the same credentials.
CONTENT: I was banned from talking about Bill Ayers during the 2008 presidential campaign.
CONTENT: Next year, you will be mandated by federal law to get rid of your existing light bulbs.
CONTENT: Religious groups like Knights of Columbus have been forced to allow same-sex marriage ceremonies in their facilities, against their beliefs.
CONTENT: Wisconsin is the only state that allows parents or guardians to purchase alcohol for their children regardless of whether that child is seven or 20 years old at bars and restaurants.
Node: (14, 2)--------------------
CONTENT: After the 2012 redistricting, Wisconsin has competitive congressional districts.
CONTENT: Says Apple products are currently 90 percent conflict-free, and Intel is 100 percent conflict-free.
CONTENT: There are high administrative costs when you donate to Haiti relief through the White House Web site.
CONTENT: Beer drinking is not allowed in any Illinois state parks.
CONTENT: Theres a section in the Constitution called the Emoluments Clause that says no one, nor their spouses, can take money from foreigners. (Hillary Clinton) has to be guilty of 70 or 100 counts just on that one charge.
CONTENT: We have that program where immigrants come here and they have to bring a million dollars in order to get a green card if theyre going to create jobs.
CONTENT: Terrorist detainees were not covered by the Geneva Convention. They were unlawful combatants. And under those circumstances, they were not entitled to the normal kinds of courtesies and treatment.
CONTENT: Louisiana gets "not one single penny" from Gulf Coast offshore oil revenues.
CONTENT: A hidden provision in the health care law taxes sporting goods as medical devices.
CONTENT: We have ten different tax brackets and if youre making $9,000, youre already in the top tax bracket.
CONTENT: Before this (federal health care) law was enacted, Florida parents ...were able to purchase inexpensive child-only coverage for their children. The laws consumer protections have now eliminated that choice in Florida.
CONTENT: Under the new health care law, the first person (a) patient has to go to is a bureaucrat. That is called a panel.
CONTENT: People can use food stamps for anything, including to go to Hawaii, and even millionaires can qualify.
CONTENT: School children can earn higher grades by studying Islam under a new nationwide Muslim outreach program announced by President Barack Obama.
CONTENT: Obamacare doesnt require members of Congress to abide by the same rules that all of the other Americans do.
CONTENT: Employers and schools have no right to conduct surveillance of a dorm room or a workers cubicle.
CONTENT: You have to be a citizen to vote, but with same-day voter registration, you have places where people just walk in and vote.
CONTENT: Under Obamacare, people who have a doctor theyve been seeing for the last 15 or 20 years, they wont be able to keep going to that doctor.
CONTENT: Baseball and insurance are the only industries exempt from antitrust laws.
CONTENT: Were not allowed to read it (the Trans-Pacific Partnership) before representatives vote on it.
CONTENT: Scientists are questioning the original idea that man-made global warming is what is causing the climate to change. (It is) more and more being put into question.
CONTENT: Unlike Benghazi, there were no investigations of the 1983 Beirut barracks bombing, none about key aspects of the 9/11 attacks and the Iraq War, and none about embassy attacks under George W. Bush.
CONTENT: If 20 million illegals vote, you can kiss the Second Amendment goodbye.
CONTENT: In the past four or five presidential elections, people who poll high at the beginning are not the people who end up being the nominees.
CONTENT: Unemployment numbers are artificial numbers. These are numbers that are massaged to make the existing economy look good, to make this administration look good when, in fact, its a total disaster.
CONTENT: When the Fair Tax becomes law, it will be like waving a magic wand releasing us from pain and unfairness.
CONTENT: In Milwaukee County, juveniles arrested for car theft get sent immediately home, because under the point system in juvenile court on holding suspects, a stolen car gets zero points.
Node: (14, 3)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Rick Scott called education not a core function of the state.
CONTENT: If black America were a country, itd be the 15th wealthiest nation in the world.
CONTENT: Under a proposed medical marijuana amendment in Florida, you dont get refills -- you get it forever.
CONTENT: The states have always defined marriage.
CONTENT: You will learn more about Donald Trump by going down to the Federal Elections to see the financial disclosure form than by looking at tax returns.
CONTENT: The Wisconsin law repealed by Republicans, which allowed discriminated workers to sue in state court, was kind of a gravy train for lawyers.
CONTENT: Theres a tremendous tax that we pay when we (American businesses) go into China, whereas when China sells to us theres no tax.
CONTENT: A new bill was written into the new health care reform initiative ensuring that Congress will be 100 percent exempt.
CONTENT: What were the old annual deficits under Republicans have now become the monthly deficits under Democrats.
CONTENT: In Houston, Texas, today, there are no homeless veterans.
CONTENT: Small businesses that have $250,000 in gross sales for the business. Theyre the ones that are looking at massive tax increases.
CONTENT: I am the only U.S. Senate candidate who spoke out against bombing Syria, and who challenged Georgias governor and insurance commissioner over obstruction to the Affordable Care Act.
CONTENT: Theres no plan from Senate Democrats or the White House to replace the sequester.
CONTENT: There are actual cities like Birmingham, England, that are totally Muslim where non-Muslims just simply dont go in.
CONTENT: Obamacare is one big fat VA system.
CONTENT: Until the new Iran deal, China and Russia have never voted with us at the U.N. on any sanctions on Iran in the past.
CONTENT: Since Mr. Fosters been mayor, we have less small businesses in the city of St. Petersburg.
CONTENT: Why do we have automatic citizenship upon birth? Were the only country in the world that has it.
CONTENT: Says that since he took office, there have been no large-scale attacks on the United States.
CONTENT: You might be surprised to know that 137 billion gallons flows (into Lake Erie) every day. You might be surprised to know that only 86.3 billion gallons flow out. ... Leaving us a net surplus of approximately 50 billion gallons a day.
CONTENT: Theres nothing in the voting instructions that weve been getting in the last several elections that lets you know about the limitations of the master lever.
CONTENT: Our kids cant openly celebrate Christmas or pray in school.
CONTENT: Regarding sexual assault against women, Its actually safer not to be in college than it is to be in college.
CONTENT: You don't even have to go outside Obama's campaign to find advisers who are anti-Israel.
Node: (14, 4)--------------------
CONTENT: If you look at states that are right to work, they constantly do not have budget deficits and they have very good business climates.
CONTENT: People were hopeless. Sixty percent of the population, 70 percent of the population wanted to live somewhere else. . . . By the time I left, 70 percent wanted to stay.
CONTENT: The projected $1.8 billion state budget shortfall for 2015-17 actually comes from an assumption based on zero growth. That just doesnt happen.
CONTENT: Says the Constitution specifically states the Congress shall write legislation for immigration policy, so Barack Obama lacks the authority to defer the deportation of young illegal immigrants.
CONTENT: Says that if Texas, California and New York all voted for Democratic presidential nominees, it would be mathematically impossible for Republicans to elect a president.
CONTENT: Sarah Palin "has more experience than Barack Obama."
CONTENT: Every (personhood) bill Ive ever support has either had language that says were conforming to the constitutional rulings of the Supreme Court or something to that effect.
CONTENT: Hillary Clintons international travels included no serious diplomacy.
CONTENT: In preparing a rules package for the 112th Congress, the GOP had no discussions with Democrats.
CONTENT: Says the California flag was supposed to be apear, not a bear.
Node: (14, 5)--------------------
CONTENT: When we took office, let me remind you, there was virtually no international pressure on Iran.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clintons Iran nuclear deal lined the pockets of the worlds number one state sponsor of terrorism with your money.
CONTENT: Says attorney general candidate Jon Richards went so far to say he would only enforce the laws with which he personally agreed.
CONTENT: I was the first member of Congress to call him (Barack Obama) a socialist...
CONTENT: The Massachusetts Supreme Court...defined marriage as simply, quote,the establishment of intimacy ... I guess that would mean if you really had affection for your horse, I guess you could marry your horse.
CONTENT: I watched in Jersey City, N.J., where thousands and thousands of people were cheering as the World Trade Center collapsed.
CONTENT: Regarding the Iraq War, I was the one that said, Dont go, dont do it, youre going to destabilize the Middle East.
CONTENT: Says 220,000New Yorkers would have immediately benefitted had President Obamas executive action been affirmed.So almost a quarter million of our fellow New Yorkers who are hurting right now whose rights and opportunities were taken away by the Supreme Court.
CONTENT: In the Republican presidential debate in New Hampshire, none of the candidates mentioned the middle class or education.
CONTENT: Then, the Republican leader theatrically introduced new bills with stopgap budget language, declaring that we could stay until midnight and pass this compromise. Except under our constitution, a bill has to be read on 3 different days, so thats not possible.
CONTENT: They (Clinton and Obama) have never to my knowledge been involved in legislation nor hearings nor engagement on this issue (climate change).
CONTENT: Says that as a U.S. senator, Scott Brown delivered for Wall Street, saving big banks $19 billion in taxes.
CONTENT: No one thought we could get a bipartisan bill (Medicaid) passed. We did in the Florida Senate.
CONTENT: We were promised (the stimulus) would provide 'green jobs' for Americans, but 80% of the $2 billion they spent on alternative energy went to purchase wind turbines built in China!
Node: (14, 6)--------------------
CONTENT: Ukraine voluntarily gave up its nuclear weapons because the United States of America said it would ensure (its) territorial integrity from Russia.
CONTENT: State Department officials actually directed contracts for the Haitian recovery after the earthquake to friends of the Clintons.
CONTENT: I am the only candidate who ran in either the Democratic or the Republican primary who said from the very beginning (that) I will not raise taxes on the middle class.
CONTENT: Says his comment about extremists being a JV team wasnt specifically referring to Islamic State.
CONTENT: So many people were critical of Secretary (John) Kerry going to Paris and talking with Hamas, because Kerry was seen as supporting Hamas to the exclusion of the Arab League.
Node: (14, 7)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Nikita Khrushchev brought an extra shoe to a United Nations session in 1960, which he banged on the desk in protest.
CONTENT: Says Ken Cuccinelli supported a law that could allow people to carry missile launchers into airports.
CONTENT: Says Marco Rubio was for immigration reform and a pathway to citizenship before he was against it.
CONTENT: Barack Obama said "he's going to attack Pakistan and embrace (Iranian President Mahmoud) Ahmadinejad."
CONTENT: The mayor said 'if you happen to be in this country in an undocumented status . . . then we welcome you here. We want you here. We'll protect you here.' 
CONTENT: Rubio's "got more experience than Obama had."
CONTENT: Rev. Wright said "that al-Qaida and the American flag were the same flags."
CONTENT: (Environmentalists) said Were only going to stop coal mining above 2,000 feet. ... Well guess where all the coal in the state of Tennessee is? Above 2,000 feet.
CONTENT: President Obama gave Egypts Muslim Brotherhood one and a half billion dollars.
CONTENT: Obama said he would "stand with the Muslims should the political winds shift in an ugly direction."
CONTENT: John McCain said "he wouldn't even sit down with the government of Spain, a NATO ally that has troops in Afghanistan with us now."
CONTENT: SaysMichele Bachmann said on Fox News, This country could use a president like Benjamin Franklin again.
CONTENT: Today President Obama said there will NOT be a National Day of Prayer in May.
Node: (14, 8)--------------------
CONTENT: But for immigrants, we would have a contracting population...
CONTENT: Ch Guevara wrote extensively about the superiority of white Europeans over people of African descent.
CONTENT: Says, In the last four years weve cut $36 million in ongoing revenue.
CONTENT: Says Newt Gingrich has said that we should make the 11 million illegal workers that are in this country legal.
CONTENT: Says the Simpson-Bowles deficit reduction proposal urged raising $2 trillion in new revenue.
CONTENT: In the 80s, Democrats promised spending cuts, but delivered only tax hikes.
CONTENT: Says Barack Obama said, If we keep talking about the economy, were going to lose.
CONTENT: Says protesters at the Wisconsin state Capitol on the night the state Senate passed collective bargaining changes damaged the windshield of his car.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clintons health care plan from the 1990s had a broader provision in favor of corporate right to back out of providing contraceptive coverage than the one created by the Hobby Lobby Supreme Court decision.
CONTENT: Says Chris Christie instituted an Internet sales tax.
CONTENT: Says Marco Rubios proposed college affordability overhaul would specifically benefit for-profit colleges.
CONTENT: On Obama, "The press warns the 'Taxman Cometh.'"
CONTENT: Says Obama called Sarah Palin a pig.
CONTENT: Says Sal Esquivel wants a 5 percent state sales tax on groceries.
Node: (14, 9)--------------------
CONTENT: Says the Annies List political group supports third-trimester abortions on demand.
CONTENT: Says Obama promised unemployment would never go above 8 percent.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clinton believes that all abortions should be legal, even on the due date of that unborn child.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clinton wants to have open borders.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clinton wants to raise taxes on African-American owned businesses to as much as nearly 50 percent more than theyre paying now.
CONTENT: SaysHillary Clinton wants to abolish the Second Amendment.
CONTENT: Says Republican candidates in Oregon are advocating violence against gays.
CONTENT: Says Romney wants to take away early childhood education, slash K-12 funding, and cut college aid to pay for a $250,000 tax break for multi-millionaires.
CONTENT: The Obama Administration wants to have soldiers and officers pledge a loyalty oath directly to the office of the President, and no longer to the Constitution.
CONTENT: Says the government wants to require farm tractor drivers to hold commercial drivers licenses even if theyre just crossing a single public road.
CONTENT: Says Ron Johnson supported a plan to cut benefits and raise the retirement age for Social Security.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clinton wants to bring in thousands of refugees to America from all around the world without any kind of security screening.
CONTENT: Cuccinelli wants to make all abortion illegal, even in cases of rape and incest, even to protect a womans health.
CONTENT: Says Julie Parrish wants to add a sales tax to everything we need to buy including food, clothing, medicine and school supplies.
CONTENT: John McCain accused Barack Obama "of letting infants die."
CONTENT: Says Obama wants to redesign the American flag "to better offer our enemies hope and love."
CONTENT: In July 2010 the government said small businesses -- 60 percent -- will lose their health care, 45 percent of big business and a large percentage of individual health.
CONTENT: Obama wants to increase the size of government by 23 percent.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clinton wantsillegal immigrants collectingSocial Security benefits.
Node: (14, 10)--------------------
CONTENT: Jorge Elorza wants to impose a municipal income tax.
CONTENT: On whether BPs $20 billion fund to compensate oil spill victims is a slush fund.
CONTENT: On in-state tuition for illegal immigrants.
CONTENT: John McCain wants to privatize Social Security.
CONTENT: On choosing a Texas House speaker
CONTENT: On possibly raising the Social Security retirement age.
CONTENT: On lifting the U.S. Cuban embargo and allowing travel to Cuba.
Node: (14, 11)--------------------
CONTENT: On whether a U.S. Supreme Court nominee should be forthcoming at confirmation hearings.
CONTENT: The president of the United States will be taking a trip over to India that is expected to cost the taxpayers $200 million a day.
CONTENT: We will spend $100 billion in Afghanistan this year, fixing roads, building bridges, training police officers, and more, [and] cutting the same things in our own country.
CONTENT: Wendy Davis opposes any limits on abortion.
CONTENT: Chris Christie cut equal pay for women, calling it senseless bureaucracy.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clintons plan would bring in 620,000 refugees in her first term, alone, with no effective way to screen or vet them. Her plan would cost $400 billion in terms of lifetime welfare and entitlement costs.
CONTENT: On George Allens U.S. senate candidacy.
CONTENT: McCain tells of a fellow Vietnam POW who was beaten for fashioning an American flag that became an inspirational symbol to fellow POWs.
CONTENT: Says Patrick Murphy is trying to hide his drunken assault of a police officer.
CONTENT: Ken Cuccinelli would take money away from public schools to fund private schools.
CONTENT: Taxpayer money will provide iPod Touch devices to high school students in Utah, BlackBerry smart phones to smokers who kick the habit and funding for a study of exotic ants in East Africa.
Node: (14, 12)--------------------
CONTENT: President Obama plans to impose a tax of at least 23 percent on the Medicare prescription drug benefit for low-income beneficiaries.
Node: (14, 15)--------------------
CONTENT: Says the Arizona immigration law expressly bans racial profiling.
CONTENT: Under the Espionage Act, (Edward Snowden would not be) allowed to come into court and say I was justified in disclosing this information. There is no whistleblower exception in the Espionage Act.
CONTENT: Under the Arizona immigration law, police are required to check immigration status if someone's "lawn is overgrown" or if a dog is "barking too loudly."
CONTENT: In Russia all people are absolutely equal regardless of their religion, sex, ethnicity, or sexual orientation, while 70 countries of the world have criminal liability for homosexuality.
CONTENT: If you are a federally licensed gun dealer and your license is revoked because youve engaged in misconduct ... your entire inventory under prevailing law is deemed your personal collection. You then can sell it free from any background checks.
CONTENT: In Sauk City, Wisconsin, the ID office that provides identification for voting is only open on the fifth Wednesday of every month -- a total of four days in 2016.
CONTENT: If you already have health insurance through your job, or Medicare, or Medicaid, or the VA, nothing in this plan will require you or your employer to change the coverage or the doctor you have.
CONTENT: If you read the Arizona (immigration) law, what it says is if you are stopped for violating the law and they have a suspicion that you're illegal, they can ask you if you're legal.
CONTENT: To vote in Mexico every eligible Mexican citizen has to have a tamper-proof photo-ID card with a thumbprint and an embossed hologram.
CONTENT: When we go to vote, they ask for drivers license and verify that you are a voter and a citizen in the state of Texas.
CONTENT: Says under Wisconsin law, he cannot remove his name from the ballot for re-election to Congress.
CONTENT: To say a family has to buy a product from a private company is clearly beyond the delegated powers of the U.S. Constitution.
Node: (14, 16)--------------------
CONTENT: Police in the United States are allowed to use tear gas even though it has been classified as a chemical weapon and banned in international conflict since 1993.
CONTENT: For anybody whos trying to cross the street and has seen those signs that say you have to stop when pedestrians are in the crosswalk, that was a bill that I passed.
CONTENT: Says if you are on your bike in a crosswalk, all you have to do is dip your wheel into the road and cars must legally stop.
CONTENT: Businesses will be required to certify to the IRS under penalty of perjury that Obamacare was not a motivating factor for cutting staff.
CONTENT: New provisions of the health care law bar the use offlexible spending accounts and health savings accounts to pay for aspirin and other non-prescription health needs.
CONTENT: Wisconsin requires, by law, a photo ID to vote.
CONTENT: Photo ID is not required for those who vote by mail.
CONTENT: The State of Texas does not even use the E-Verify system to determine if someone is legally in our country when they apply for a job.
CONTENT: The General Assembly has no explicit constitutional authority to impose income, sales, estate and the myriad of other taxes upon us.
CONTENT: (T)he United States government and its Constitution says that people can be put to death.
CONTENT: In Muslim countries, under the Sharia, there is a death penalty for blaspheming Mohammad.
CONTENT: The election bill allows persons to correct an absentee ballot if they did not sign it and requires an extra two hours a day for early voting. Everything else in this bill is discretionary.
CONTENT: Florida Statutes require (Attorney General Bill) McCollum to consult with members of Florida's Congressional delegation before filing a lawsuit against the health care reform law.
CONTENT: Under a law proposed by Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker, businesses that move into Wisconsin dont have to pay any taxes on their income for two years.
Node: (14, 17)--------------------
CONTENT: There is a federal criminal law that says its a crime to transport dentures across state lines.
CONTENT: On mandatory ultrasounds before abortions.
CONTENT: Once people become citizens under the DREAM Act and turn 21, they can sponsor their illegal immigrant parents for legalization.
CONTENT: Says the U.S. Constitution provides for just compensation when land is taken under eminent domain.
CONTENT: After I had resigned or announced my resignation, I abolished -- I prohibited pay-to-play for people that had county or state contracts.
CONTENT: Wisconsin bill grants drug companies and medical device manufacturers immunity from injuries and deaths caused by their products.
CONTENT: Says theres a 100-year-old international norm not to use chemical weapons.
CONTENT: To comply with non-discrimination laws, the government is forcing people in business to make wedding cakes for anyone.
CONTENT: Nothing in any of the Democrat bills would require individuals to verify their citizenship or identity prior to receiving taxpayer-subsidized benefits.
CONTENT: Wisconsins non-discrimination law doesnt protect members of the trans-gender community.
CONTENT: Says Texas does not regulate the appearance of some kinds of imitation firearms sold in Texas.
CONTENT: Says local Texas chambers of commerce were granted exemptions from paying property taxes on their headquarter properties.
CONTENT: A ham and cheese sandwich on one slice of bread is the responsibility of the USDA ... But a ham and cheese sandwich on two slices of bread is the responsibility of the Food and Drug Administration.
Node: (14, 18)--------------------
CONTENT: The House passed a pay-as-you-go rule that said, "If you wanted to have an investment, an entitlement, etc., you had to pay for it."
CONTENT: We are dealing with an administration that, quite frankly, has shown a reluctance to enforce the immigration law.
CONTENT: Under current law, if you go on a dating website and you say youre 32 and youre actually 42, youve committed a misdemeanor.
CONTENT: Ill be running against a career politician.
CONTENT: Says PolitiFact has ruled that Ed Gillespies ads are false and misleading.
CONTENT: The firefighters, the policemen and others who supported (Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker) in his election bid ... dont have to worry about their collective bargaining rights.
CONTENT: Says that since 1975, redistricting by Texas lawmakers has always been found in violation of Section 5 of the Voting Rights Act.
CONTENT: Under Mayor Angel Taveras Providences bond rating was downgraded from A to BBB, two steps above junk-bond status.
CONTENT: The government is going to tell Americans they need to replace functioning stoves in their homes with government-certified stoves and use taxpayer dollars to do so.
CONTENT: The U.S. Supreme Court decided in 1982 that non-citizen children must get free K-12 education.
CONTENT: Because of union rules, cooks helpers moved into DMV jobs they were not trained for
CONTENT: 400 bills have my name on them either as a sponsor or a co-sponsor. You dont get that done unless you work with folks on the other side.
CONTENT: The truth is David Cicilline voted for tougher laws against child abusers, domestic abusers and abusers of the elderly.
Node: (14, 19)--------------------
CONTENT: There were 36 states where Republicans who were in charge refused to implement a state (health insurance) exchange.
CONTENT: Says he couldnt keep a 42-inch redfish he caught because of fishing rules.
CONTENT: Granite Staters who hold individual policies from Anthem...can indeed renew their policies and keep their current doctors and hospitals in 2014.
CONTENT: Says of 80,000 people who were denied a firearm in 2012 due to a failed background check, only 44 were prosecuted.
CONTENT: Says hesecured the highest possible bond rating for the city of Tampa.
CONTENT: It is rare that a retirement grade determination is conducted for an officer previously retired from the U.S. armed forces.
CONTENT: Superdelegates have never been a determining factor in who our nominee is since theyve been in place since 1984.
CONTENT: The Pink Pony club in DeKalb County has never been cited for any violation of an ordinance or state law.
CONTENT: Says the Security Against Foreign Enemies Act of 2015 would not pause the resettlement of Syrian refugees in the United States.
CONTENT: Federal law for Obamacare navigators does not bar or even require screening for convicted felons, including individuals convicted of identity theft or fraud.
CONTENT: Florida election officials requests to some residents to submit proof of citizenship is a backdoor poll tax.
Node: (14, 20)--------------------
CONTENT: In the last few months alone, we have apprehended extremists within our borders who were sent here from the border region of Afghanistan and Pakistan to commit new acts of terror.
CONTENT: We dont have bridges being built in the United States.
CONTENT: Initial efforts to strip airport contractors of their special diversity status has no effect on the contracts or the citys diversity goals.
CONTENT: Says three Ukrainians recently captured on a West Texas ranch are among individuals from countries that have strong terrorist ties being apprehended near the states border with Mexico.
CONTENT: If you count United States airstrikes against ISIS, 75 percent of those combat missions return to base without having fired a weapon.
CONTENT: Says you cannot implement Paul Ryans plan without allowing for any increases in revenue.
CONTENT: A Republican-led softening of firearms training rules means that untrained individuals would be allowed to carry guns with a state permit.
CONTENT: Wisconsins concealed-carry permit rules demand more proof than other states that safety training requirements are met, rendering all existing (training) certificates insufficient as part of the permit application
Node: (14, 21)--------------------
CONTENT: Wisconsins criminal threshold for drunken-driving is way out of line with states surrounding us, which have the second offense as a felony.
CONTENT: Had the online change of address been in place in 2008 an estimated 130,000 voters who cast provisional ballots could have changed their address online and voted a regular ballot.
CONTENT: Twenty four states have voter ID or comparable restrictions; before Barack Obama was elected, it was two.
CONTENT: Site selectors who decide where businesses expand or relocate shun closed shop states like Wisconsin in favor of Right to Work states like Iowa, Indiana and Michigan.
CONTENT: Says U.S.-Mexico border has 1 million legal border crossings each and every day.
CONTENT: Even members of the NRA, when they were polled recently, were under the impression that everyone has a criminal background check.
CONTENT: A gun background check is futile. Something like 42 (people during the) last year were prosecuted for trying to buy a gun with a criminal record out of 11 million.
CONTENT: Russian annexation of Crimea removes a million residents of the Ukraine that have provided the margin of victory for (Viktor) Yanukovych, the pro-Moscow prime minister in his last election.
Node: (14, 22)--------------------
CONTENT: A federal system that verifies employees are authorized to work in the U.S. is inaccurate anywhere from 50 percent all the way up to in excess of 80 percent of the time.
CONTENT: Every one of the mass shootings except two in America since 1950 have been in gun-free zones.
CONTENT: Making public colleges and universities tuition-free, that exists in countries all over the world, used to exist in the United States.
CONTENT: There are 7,000 kids in New Hampshire who have health care because I helped to create the Children's Health Insurance Program.
CONTENT: 41,200 veterans in Florida dont have health care because Scott didnt expand Medicaid.
CONTENT: Certainly were going to be the most restrictive state in the land in terms of who can get medical marijuana, how it will be prescribed and how it will be achieved in terms of moving it into the marketplace.
Node: (14, 23)--------------------
CONTENT: Over 12,000 school kids were arrested in Florida. It makes Florida the nations leader in that area.
CONTENT: Obama's tax plan cuts taxes "for 95 percent of all working families."
CONTENT: Fences have not worked. The Great Wall of China, the Berlin Wall. That's not good among peoples, especially friends like the United States and Mexico.
CONTENT: Seventy percent of Missourians support voter photo ID legislation.
CONTENT: We are in the bottom 10 in dollars in the classroom and the top 10 in dollars in the bureaucracy and red tape.
CONTENT: SaysBarack Obama voted for the very same language ofIndianas Religious Freedom Restoration Act when he was in the Illinois state Senate. Sexual orientation doesnt have anything to do with this law.
CONTENT: Says that in Texas, Republican nominees get 40 percent of the Latino vote on average.
CONTENT: Spanish was the first European language spoken in this country.
CONTENT: The majority support (raising) the minimum wage.
CONTENT: If you are born poor in America, we rank ninth or tenth in our citizens ability to climb up through that ladder and get themselves into the middle class.
Node: (14, 24)--------------------
CONTENT: A poll conducted in Egypt revealed that 80 percent of Egyptians oppose receiving foreign aid from the United States.
CONTENT: Says our economy in New Jersey gets $38 billion from the businesses at the Shore.
CONTENT: The pass rate for a high school level test to join the military is 35 to 40 percent.
CONTENT: You know, the approval rating of Congress is down to 13 percent.
CONTENT: Paul Ryans budget keeps the Obamacare taxes and spending cuts that paid for Obamacare, but then cuts all of the benefits.
CONTENT: Comic strip says government study shows Head Start has little or no impact on the children its supposed to help.
CONTENT: Were worse than a Third World country in terms of water quality and the way we treat our sewage.
Node: (14, 25)--------------------
CONTENT: Florida teachers are "already paid $5,000 below the national average."
CONTENT: There was a Gallup poll in Egypt last year, and 70 percent of Egyptians dont want our money.
CONTENT: Ninety percent of Texans say they do not want the nursing homes to close. It polls higher than anything else.
CONTENT: Says a new state report confirms that red-light cameras lead to more accidents, more injuries and greater cost.
CONTENT: New school testing standards will consume approximately twenty days of testing for elementary, middle and high school students.
CONTENT: Were spending $12,000 bucks a kid a year in the school system.
CONTENT: The majority of people in polls do not support Obamacare.
CONTENT: Nevada is No. 1 in unemployment, violent crime, car theft, divorce, robberies and foreclosures.
CONTENT: Two-thirds of our kids cant read at grade level.
CONTENT: The GOPs Pledge to America includes a 20 percent cut ... for education. ... Eight million kids would have their college aid slashed under this budget.
CONTENT: More than 72 percent of children in the African-American community are born out of wedlock.
CONTENT: Under a House Republican appropriations bill, 6 million seniors are deprived of meals.
CONTENT: Salaries for Virginias teachers are below the national average.
CONTENT: Sixty-one percent of our active military are currently listed as overweight.
CONTENT: When a Gallup poll asked about presidential candidate characteristics, When they get to the question on, Would you vote for a socialist, it is even less popular than voting for atheists.
CONTENT: Says she is 6th in hard dollars raised and has more cash on hand than Governors (John) Kasich and (Chris) Christie combined.
CONTENT: Having an active father makes children 98 percent more likely to graduate from college.
Node: (14, 26)--------------------
CONTENT: Women in Ohio earn on average 77 cents for every dollar earned by a man.
CONTENT: ISIS reaches about 100 million people a day through social media.
CONTENT: A golf course closes somewhere in America every 48 hours.
CONTENT: Forty aides who serve President Barack Obama owe $333,485 in back taxes.
CONTENT: Women make 77 cents for every dollar a man earns.
CONTENT: 400,000 Oregonians have gained access to health care through the Affordable Care Act.
CONTENT: Before this day is out, 18 more veterans will have taken their own lives. That is the daily average, it is intolerable, and it has to stop.
CONTENT: An audit shows there are 6.5 million people who have active Social Security numbers who are 112 years of age or older,
CONTENT: Currently, we're at 36 percent of our children born out of wedlock.
Node: (14, 27)--------------------
CONTENT: There are 321,092 public school teachers in Texas. And there are 313,850 non-teachers in our public schools.
CONTENT: Hypocrisy at the Clinton Foundation: Top male staff made on average $218,029 while top female staff made $153,014 from 2010-2014.
CONTENT: Israel in the last three weeks haskilled more Palestinian children, more than 200, than the total number of Israeli soldiers killed in military operations since 2006.
CONTENT: Says $800,000 cost of Texas special legislative session would pay for 1.6 million condoms, 90,000 months of the pill or 20 full-time sexual health educators.
CONTENT: In the first 24 to 36 hours of the operation in Libya, you saw $115 million go downrange because a Tomahawk cruise missile is a little over $1 million each.
CONTENT: When we lower tax rates, we generate more in revenues. That happened in 86 with the Reagan plan, happened in 2001, following the Bush plan.
CONTENT: The Koch brothers are the richest people in the world. Individually, theyre only fifth. Put them together theyre the richest in the world.
CONTENT: Virtually no Republican in Washington accepts climate change science.
CONTENT: We have cut taxes more than 40 times in four years.
CONTENT: We lock up close to 2.4 million people in this country. Were locking up more people than China and Russia.
CONTENT: One generation ago we led the world in college graduation. Were 16th today.
CONTENT: The Affordable Care Act is making families pay double-digit premium increases.
CONTENT: Were fifth in the world (in executions), behind China, Iran, Iraq and Saudi Arabia.
CONTENT: Most women, including 98 percent of Catholic women, have used contraception.
CONTENT: USA is #1 in gun violence.
CONTENT: From 05 to 09, weve had 1,100 soldiers commit suicide, one every 36 hours.
CONTENT: Half of all CEOs say that the shutdown and the threat of shutdown set back their plans to hire over the next six months.
CONTENT: Assaults on Wisconsin law enforcement officers are up 224 percent statewide since 2005
CONTENT: Were seeing now 30 straight months of private-sector job growth, 4.6 million jobs created.
CONTENT: Walking in the door (Sonia Sotomayor) would bring more experience on the bench, and more varied experience on the bench, than anyone currently serving on the United States Supreme Court had when they were appointed.
CONTENT: America has lost over 50,000 manufacturing factories on other trade deals.
Node: (14, 28)--------------------
CONTENT: The economy bled $24 billion due to the government shutdown.
CONTENT: The Affordable Care Act is bringing the cost of health care in our country down.
CONTENT: Says taxpayer subsidy for the Oregon Convention Center hotel jumped $100 million in closed-door sessions
CONTENT: Says under Mayor Cory Booker, Newark has seen violent crime up five years in a row, murder up five years in a row.
CONTENT: Says Connie Macks Penny Plan would cut over $200 billion out of Medicare, over $1 trillion out of Social Security. ... $3 trillion out of defense.
CONTENT: Medicare has spent $172 million on penis pumps in the last five years at $360 a pop.
CONTENT: During the last election, Democrats won over a million votes more than Republicans, but because of the way districts are designed, the Republicans got 33 more members of the House of Representatives than the Democrats did.
CONTENT: Eliminating earmarks "would make barely a drop in the bucket with regard to the national debt, the deficit."
CONTENT: Guns have murdered more Americans here at home in recent years than have died on the battlefields of Iraq and Afghanistan.
CONTENT: TheU.S. economyis three times asbig as Chinas.
CONTENT: Bill Clinton's peace dividend . . . cut the military 25 and 30 percent.
CONTENT: Virginia now is the number one exporter of (agricultural) products to Cuba. We have now jumped to number one.
CONTENT: Were losing thousands of (veterans) waiting on line because they cant get speedy health care from the Veterans Administration.
CONTENT: Obamacare-caused paperwork will annually absorb 190 million hours or more--and Mount Rushmore could be built 1,547 times over with the paperwork.
CONTENT: More Hispanics have been elected statewide (in Texas) on the Republican ticket than on the Democratic ticket.
CONTENT: The Internal Revenue code has ballooned to a 5,600-page, 4 million-word complicated mess that is seven times as long as the Bible with none of the good news.
Node: (14, 29)--------------------
CONTENT: Our economy still has three people looking for every job (opening).
CONTENT: The presidents budget would take ... non-defense spending to its lowest level ... as a percentage of the economy since JFK.
CONTENT: Under Lee Fisher Ohio has lost nearly 400,000 jobs.
CONTENT: In the past three years, we have prosecuted or brought more cases on access to public records than in the previous 12 years combined.
CONTENT: Since Newtown, more people have died at the end of a gun than we have lost in Afghanistan.
CONTENT: The deficit was on track to top $1 trillion the year I took office.
CONTENT: Today, we import triple the amount of oil than we had on the day Senator McCain took office.
CONTENT: Says Texas is 1st in business climate, 49th in education.
CONTENT: Barack Obama's health care plan "would leave 15 million Americans out."
CONTENT: Says the 2011-13 state budget eliminates the structural deficit for the first time in decades.
CONTENT: Since Gov. Nathan Deal office in 2011, the states rainy day fund has grown by 643 percent.
CONTENT: The property appraisers budget is $1 million less today than when I took office 16 years ago.
CONTENT: Homicides against blacks have tripled since Floridas stand your ground law has been in existence.
CONTENT: Since 2009, weve cut homelessness (among veterans) by a third.
CONTENT: Last election, the Koch brothers spent three times what the top 10 unions spent combined.
CONTENT: CEOs now earn 431 times what their workers earn.
CONTENT: Already, the Affordable Care Act is helping to slow the growth of (Medicares) health care costs.
CONTENT: Barack Obama's health care plan "would leave 15-million Americans out."
CONTENT: American oil production is at its highest level since 2003.
CONTENT: Of the topfive cities for staged automobile accidents, three are in Florida. We rank No. 1 in the country in staged auto accidents.
CONTENT: The Walton family of Walmart ... This one family owns more wealth than the bottom 40 percent of the American people.
CONTENT: Our economy actually shrank during the last three months of 2012.
CONTENT: Says TriMet now spends $1.63 in benefits for every $1.00 spent on wages.
CONTENT: We have cut our deficits by almost three-quarters.
CONTENT: For decades, the states gas tax has been among the highest in the nation.
Node: (15, 0)--------------------
CONTENT: If you sell your house after 2012 you will pay a 3.8 percent sales tax on it.
CONTENT: Thirty million Americans, including a lot of people in Florida, are going to be able to get healthcare next year because of that law.
CONTENT: Women who have miscarriages could be investigated by police under legislation supported by Republican state Senate candidate Rick Gudex.
CONTENT: Every day, about 100 people will be arrested for possession of marijuana in Georgia.
CONTENT: If you log into the governments Cash for Clunkers Web site (cars.gov) from your home computer, the government can seize all of your personal and private information, and track your computer activity.
CONTENT: In Japan, permanent residency is not given to Muslims, the propagation of Islam is banned, one cannot import a Koran published in the Arabic language, and Muslims cannot even rent a house.
CONTENT: Under the new health care law, all real estate transactions will be subject to a 3.8% Sales Tax
CONTENT: Each Georgia taxpayer would have to send $5,000 to the treasury to cover the states debt.
CONTENT: Under a new law regulating abortions, Even if youre raped, if you dont report it in the first 30 days, the Republicans will force you to have an ultrasound.
CONTENT: If youre from Guatemala and you are found illegally in Mexico, you are automatically jailed.
CONTENT: Says 50 million people would lose their health insurance if Obamacare is repealed.
CONTENT: Under the new health care law, the elderly will be denied care when they have "passed the age limit for treatment."
CONTENT: You are prohibited from walking into the Capitol with a gun, but you can go after the County Commission or the School Board.
CONTENT: All non-US citizens, illegal or not, will be provided with free health care services.
Node: (15, 1)--------------------
CONTENT: What the Arizona law does is make a state crime out of something that already is... a federal crime.
CONTENT: Because theres no local option to allow communities to ban, limit or restrict the location of pot shops, if Amendment 2 passes you can expect the seedy elements of the pot industry to move in right next door to your neighborhood, your church, your business and even your childs school.
CONTENT: Says if Texas abortion measure passes, someone living in El Paso would have to drive 550 miles each way to San Antonio for something as simple as cervical cancer screening.
CONTENT: The Employment Non-Discrimination Act discriminates against Christian daycare, Christian parents, Christian business owners, and the rights of religious freedom.
CONTENT: A Paul Ryan-Scott Walker (or Scott Walker-Paul Ryan) ticket for the White House in 2016 would be unconstitutional because both men live in Wisconsin.
CONTENT: Georgia has more illegal aliens than the state of Arizona.
CONTENT: Under Obamas plan (for welfare), you wouldnt have to work and wouldnt have to train for a job. They just send you your welfare check.
CONTENT: Says the New York Times can write a story that they know is false yet they cant basically be sued.
CONTENT: Under the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty enrichment has been limited to basically the weapons states.
CONTENT: Gov. Romney's own health care plan in Massachusetts ... requires by law that a representative from Planned Parenthood sit on the MassHealth advisory board.
CONTENT: Any Floridian who has ever requested an absentee ballot henceforth gets one automatically.
Node: (15, 2)--------------------
CONTENT: Job losses are so certain under this new cap-and-tax plan that it includes a provision accommodating newly unemployed workers from the resulting dried-up energy sector, to the tune of $4.2 billion over eight years. So much for creating jobs.
CONTENT: Theres nothing in the [RhodeMap RI] plan that takes away local government control and local zoning control.
CONTENT: Undocumented immigrantspay $12 billion a year into Social Security.
CONTENT: Hate speech is excluded from protection under the First Amendment.
CONTENT: Federal law requires that hospitals treat people whether or not they can pay. So someone (who) doesnt have health insurance -- they can go to the hospital and get free care.
CONTENT: Says she couldn't take stimulus money because it required "universal building codes."
CONTENT: The word progressive...was created as a substitute forcommunist.
CONTENT: There is not one of the Muslim nations that doesnt have discrimination against women, discrimination against gays, subjugation of other religious beliefs.
CONTENT: We can save $125 billion in simply not giving out money to Medicare recipients that dont exist for procedures that didnt happen.
CONTENT: The health care law includes tort reform.
CONTENT: Wisconsins Government Accountability Board wanted to consider Mickey Mouse and Adolf Hitler as valid signatures on recall petitions.
CONTENT: Obama was enrolled in a Wahabi school in Jakarta. Wahabism is the RADICAL teaching that is followed by the Muslim terrorists who are now waging Jihad against the western world.
Node: (15, 3)--------------------
CONTENT: What we have now is the most generous, in my opinion, good time bill in the entire United States.
CONTENT: I don't have lobbyists running my campaign.
CONTENT: The things I said (during the prank call by a blogger posing as GOP contributor David Koch) are the things Ive said publicly all along about the Wisconsin budget debate.
CONTENT: There is no $30 million pot of money for redistricting issues, including defending redistricting lawsuits. Your tax dollars are not being spent on anything like that.
CONTENT: You and I know that in the history of mankind and womankind, government federal, state, local, or otherwise has never created one job.
CONTENT: Today, you cant rely on (the retirement fund for public employees), its not funded.
CONTENT: Californias Proposition 63 would CRIMINALIZE the sharing of ammunition between friends who may be hunting or shooting together.
CONTENT: Every one of more than 30 federal judges who have considered the issue of gay and lesbian rights since last June ruled that marriage is a constitutional right and you cannot deprive individual citizens of that right based on their sexual orientation.
Node: (15, 4)--------------------
CONTENT: Says you need a photo ID to purchase Sudafed in Texas.
CONTENT: You have 200,000 to 400,000 military veterans on the street in this country on any given day.
CONTENT: Says that you cant destroy the guns purchased in a (gun) buyback program as the city (of Memphis) wants to do.
CONTENT: A clause hidden in the Obamacare bill, which is now law, gives Obama the right to form a private army.
CONTENT: The Republicans have never done anything really to balance the budget.
CONTENT: You know our current president is (Muslim). You know hes not even an American.
CONTENT: We had (a bill) in Florida where we now are prohibiting doctors to talk -- particularly pediatricians -- to talk to their patients about gun safety in the home.
CONTENT: Says President Obama was wrong about Muslims historical contributions to mankind, such as algebra (actually that was the ancient Babylonians), the compass (that was the Chinese), pens (the Chinese again) and medical discoveries.
CONTENT: English "is our national language...if it becomes official, that means in a place like New York City you can't print ballots in any other language."
CONTENT: This is not a joke: the president wants to house illegal aliens on our nations military installations.
CONTENT: Im the only candidate in the Democratic primary, or actually on either side, who Wall Street financiers and hedge fund managers are actually running ads against.
CONTENT: The book Little Red Riding Hood is something thats been banned in America, but not assault weapons.
CONTENT: We know this now. The banks no longer loan (Donald Trump) money because hes a terrible risk. So he goes to these (Russian) oligarchs and borrows money.
Node: (15, 5)--------------------
CONTENT: Last week Senator Obama's running mate said, get this, 'Raising taxes is patriotic.' 
CONTENT: Says U.S. Rep. Nancy Pelosi said, Employers cutting hours is a good thing. It then gives that person time to pursue their dreams and passions.
CONTENT: Says Barack Obama founded ISIS. I would say the co-founder would be crooked Hillary Clinton.
CONTENT: Says the Club for Growth tries to defeat Republicans, and that its president called Nancy Pelosi the person I respect the most in Washington.
CONTENT: Says Texas Senate hopeful Donna Campbell doesnt live in the district shes hoping to win in 2012.
CONTENT: Former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin was right that President Barack Obamas health care bill created what would, in effect, be death panels.
CONTENT: Says Sheldon Whitehouse said on Senate floor: Everybody in Rhode Island who disagrees with me about Obamacare is an Aryan, is a white supremacist.
CONTENT: Says Mitt Romneys carried interest income was a tax trick.
CONTENT: A million Democrats deserted (Howard Deans) party and joined my party because of Donald Trump in Ohio this year.
CONTENT: (Rep. Bob Goodlattes) balanced budgetamendment does not require a balanced budget.
CONTENT: Neighbors of the San Bernardino shooters knew that they were talking about trying to take our country and attack it.
Node: (15, 6)--------------------
CONTENT: Says the man who rushed the stage at him in Dayton, Ohio, had chatter about ISIS, or with ISIS in his social media posts.
CONTENT: Hillary Clinton and her campaign of 2008 startedthe birther controversy.
CONTENT: Says a Senate resolution would restore $140 in monthly general assistance payments and prevent people from committing crime.
CONTENT: Says of a failed cloture vote on nominating Chuck Hagel for defense secretary: This is not a filibuster.
CONTENT: House Republicans required the use of Styrofoam cups in House cafeterias that are part of Koch Industries.
CONTENT: Says President Barack Obama built this $16 trillion debt.
CONTENT: Say Bernie Sanders won Nevada after all.
CONTENT: And, you know, our first president and our first commander in chief prayed every day. He had a field manual of prayers.
CONTENT: During the Reagan administration, "Millions of people were thrown out of work."
CONTENT: Says John Boehner changed his position on extending Bush tax cuts.
CONTENT: Says, regarding the presence of classified information in her email, FBI Director James Comey said my answers were truthful, and what Ive said is consistent with what I have told the American people.
CONTENT: The presidents first major foreign policy speech in Cairo was to apologize for our country.
CONTENT: Says President Obamas grandmother in Kenya said he was born in Kenya and she was there and witnessed the birth.
CONTENT: Says the Congressional Budget Office said if youre going to buy your own policy with these (health care) exchanges youll be paying 10 percent more ... about $2,100 more for a family.
CONTENT: Says Paul Ryan shut off the C-SPAN cameras when the Democrats started their sit-in.
Node: (15, 7)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Gov. Scott Walker raises the pay of inmates, but we dont raise the pay of staff in our correctional institutions.
CONTENT: (President Barack Obama) said unemployment was never gonna go over 8 percent if we passed the stimulus plan.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clinton told the Des Moines Register on Aug. 8, 2015:I will get the NRA shut down for good if I become president. If we can ban handguns, we will do it.
CONTENT: As governor, Mitt Romney raised nursing home fees eight times.
CONTENT: Says U.S. Rep. Ted Yoho said African Americans should only be given three-fifths of a vote.
CONTENT: Says Vladimir Putin said, President Obama and his fellow Democrats are either idiots or deliberately trying to destroy their own economy.
CONTENT: Dan Gelber: On the record against scholarships to help our needy children attend Jewish private schools.
CONTENT: Says the National Labor Relations Board told Boeing that it couldnt build a factory in South Carolina because South Carolina is a right-to-work state.
CONTENT: California Senator, Democratic Senator Dianne Feinstein said if she could say to Mr. America and Mrs. America, Give me your guns, Im rounding em up, she would.
CONTENT: Says when an interviewer asked Donald Trump if he treats women with respect, Trump replied, I cant say that.
CONTENT: Says Ted Cruz said: While there may have been an age difference, Josh Duggars transgressions are far less an affront to God than what gays do to each other.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clinton wants to essentially abolish the Second Amendment.
CONTENT: The White House promised us that all the spending would keep unemployment under 8 percent.
CONTENT: Says President Barack Obama said when we got bin Laden, terrorism problem solved.
CONTENT: In 2010, everybody said you cant dare let guns go into the national parks, and of course the rapes, murders, robberies and assaults are down about 85 percent since we did that.
CONTENT: Says that Romney touted the Massachusetts health plan for the nation in his hardcover book but then deleted it for the paperback edition.
CONTENT: Ed Schultz said Alan Grayson is what its all about.
CONTENT: Says that President Barack Obama said an attack on Syria was going to be a pinprick.
CONTENT: Says Rep. Michele Bachmann said President Barack Obama might be to blame for the Fort Hood shootings.
CONTENT: Says after Hurricane Sandy, New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg refused to allow the National Guard into the city to restore civil order because Guardsmen carry guns!
CONTENT: President Obama . . . wants to mandate circumcision.
CONTENT: In the weekend after the terrorist attacks in Paris, the White House said this couldnt happen in the United States. ISIS couldnt reach us here.
CONTENT: Says President Barack Obama added $6.5 trillion to the national debt in his first term, more than the $6.3 trillion added by the previous 43 presidents combined.
CONTENT: Says that President Obama said that Small Businesses Succeed Because of Government.
CONTENT: For [GM] to pay back everything it owes, it would have to sell its shares at $143 a share . . . where the highest value of a General Motors share ever was $43, $44, $46, whatever the dollars were . . .
CONTENT: Says Mitt Romney said at a January 2012 debate that under Paul Ryans tax plan, Id have paid no taxes in the last two years.
CONTENT: A couple of debates ago, (Donald Trump) said if you dont support socialized health care, youre heartless.
CONTENT: We were promised. The president said we would keep unemployment under 8.5 percent (if the stimulus passed).
CONTENT: Says Bill Clinton gave a speech in 1996 about Iraq having WMDs and said we needed a regime change, even though everyone blamed those things on George W. Bush.
CONTENT: The wife of the Ferguson, Mo., police chief said African-Americans in Ferguson are feral and violent.
Node: (15, 8)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Rush Limbaugh made it clear hed rather see the country fail than President Barack Obama succeed.
CONTENT: David Perdue proposes rolling back the clock on womens health care.
CONTENT: Says Obama wants to give (Iran) nuclear weapons and Michael Bennet, he was all for it.
CONTENT: Says President Obama promised hed keep unemployment below 8 percent if the stimulus passed.
CONTENT: Says President Obama is reducing our naval fleet to 1917 levels...
CONTENT: Hillary Clinton has already said shes going to wipe out the Second Amendment. She doesnt believe in the First Amendment. And, she also believes in big government, which flies in the face of the 10th Amendment
CONTENT: The reality is that we have roughly 15,000 undocumented immigrants living in the state...
CONTENT: Says of Mitch McConnell,What can happen in 30 years? A senator can become a multi-millionaire in public office.
CONTENT: Roy Cooper wont say how he will pay for free college tuition.
CONTENT: Says President Barack Obama promised he would cut the deficit in half, but instead will at least double it.
CONTENT: Says Scott Walker said Labor unions dont deserve to have a national holiday due to their damage to the economy. And the holiday should be replaced by Patriots Day, celebrated every year on 9/11.
CONTENT: Says Barack Obama admits hes coming for our guns, telling Sarah Brady, We are working on (gun control), but under the radar.
Node: (15, 9)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Demond Means, turnaround district superintendent for Milwaukee Public Schools, said the district needs to be gutted.
CONTENT: McCain says the price of a gas tax "holiday" would be about the same as "a Bridge to Nowhere (or) another pork barrel project."
CONTENT: President Obama promised families making less than $250,000 a year would not see taxes go up, but Obamacare raises 18 different taxes.
CONTENT: Mitt Romney says the Arizona immigration law should be a model for the nation.
CONTENT: Says Michigan U.S. Senate candidateTerri Lynn Land said guaranteeing equal pay for women who do the same job as men is not a good idea.
CONTENT: Says Romney supported a law that could have made most common forms of birth control illegal.
CONTENT: One estimate says there may be three times as much oil in the United States as there is in Saudi Arabia.
CONTENT: Obama's wife wrote a paper in college that said America was a nation founded on "crime and hatred" and that whites in America are "ineradicably racist."
CONTENT: Says Mitt Romney wrote that if Social Security was done in the private sector, it would be called criminal.
CONTENT: Says President Barack Obama thinks Americans are lazy.
CONTENT: Hillary Clinton says she wants to, raise taxes on the middle class.
CONTENT: Idaho was the only Republican-led state in the nation that chose to partner with President Obama by creating a state-based marketplace under the Affordable Care Act.
Node: (15, 10)--------------------
CONTENT: Hillary Clinton supports unlimited abortion on demand up until the moment of birth, including partial-birth abortion, with taxpayer funding.
CONTENT: Obama admits he is not a citizen.
CONTENT: Says Mark Pryor continues to insist that Obamacare is an amazing success.
CONTENT: Says Rick Scott thinks employers should be able to deny women coverage for birth control.
CONTENT: Says Jacky Rosen has refused to tell us whether she supports Bernie Sanders or Hillary Clinton.
CONTENT: Nonpartisan government analysts say Obamacare will cost our economy up to 2.5 million jobs.
CONTENT: President Obamas proposal calls for serious cuts in our own long-term carbon emissions, but China and India will still be allowed to increase their emissions.
CONTENT: Says Bruce Braley threatened to sue a neighbor over chickens that came onto (his) property.
CONTENT: Says 74 percent of small-business people believe that Obamacare is a bad idea.
Node: (15, 11)--------------------
CONTENT: Jason Carter supports using Georgia tax dollars to promote Obamacare
CONTENT: Barack Obama and the Democrats have "proposed a tax for not having health insurance."
CONTENT: The Wisconsin Department of Corrections is considering implementing mandatory physical fitness testing for security staff.
CONTENT: Some Republican leaders in Congress are pushing to make privatizing Social Security a key part of their legislative agenda if they win a majority in Congress this fall.
CONTENT: Wendy Davis is threatening to raise taxes up to $35 billion.
Node: (15, 12)--------------------
CONTENT: One person, Kathleen Sebelius, was going to determine whether or not 10-year-old lung patient Sarah Murnaghan would live or die.
CONTENT: Obama thinks the national anthem should be "I'd Like to Teach the World to Sing."
CONTENT: Under Barack Obama's plan, the government would spend $1-trillion more.
CONTENT: Obama has proposed 442 tax hikes since taking office.
CONTENT: Rick Perry is taking money away from hurricane victims and diverting it to remodel the Governors Mansion.
CONTENT: Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton are negotiating with the United Nations about doing a treaty that will ban the use of firearms.
CONTENT: Scott Walker has even removed the 250,000 jobs promise from his website.
CONTENT: President Barack Obama wants to take in 250,000 (people) from Syria.
Node: (15, 15)--------------------
CONTENT: Air travelers cant get on a plane in the United States without someone doing a background check on them.
CONTENT: Every time you buy an airline ticket, the federal government runs a background check on you.
CONTENT: Under Virginia law, if you are a non-federally licensed (gun) dealer, you cannot get a background check even if you want one.
CONTENT: In order to pass the CRCT in Georgia, you simply have to get half of the answers correct.
CONTENT: In 2010 about 75 percent of child abuse and neglect reports in Oregon were made by those required to report by law.
CONTENT: Says women who need a sonogram in the eighth to 10th week of pregnancy have to get a transvaginal sonogram.
CONTENT: About half the people who would qualify for Medicaid expansion in Florida can buy a health care plan for $30 a month on the federal health care exchange.
CONTENT: All travelers -- even babies -- arriving in the U.S. by air must have a passport.
CONTENT: Says gun ownership information could be recorded and collected by the federal government and insurance companies as part of the federal health care law.
Node: (15, 16)--------------------
CONTENT: Two-thirds of Wisconsinites receiving unemployment checks are not required to search for work due to current work search exemptions.
CONTENT: There are Justice Department policies against FBI Director James Comey discussing details of a federal investigation so close to an election.
CONTENT: Guantanamo Bay detainees will get the H1N1 vaccine.
CONTENT: In Malaysia many of the workers are indentured servants because their passports are taken away when they come into this country and are working in slave-like conditions.
CONTENT: Vagina. Because apparently, saying that word in the Michigan State House of Representatives can get you a two-day ban from speaking on the floor.
CONTENT: Says Missouri needs a voter I.D. law because theres over 16 people in the state of Missouri who have been convicted of some type of voter fraud.
CONTENT: Classified material has a header which says top-secret, secret, confidential. Nothing, and I will repeat this and this is verified in the report by the Department of Justice, none of the emails sent or received by me had such a header.
CONTENT: Its expressly prohibited by law that you can read and wholly surveil domestic email traffic in the United States.
CONTENT: Liberty University students were mandated to attend Sen. Ted Cruzs presidential announcement or they would be fined.
CONTENT: Health reform eliminates co-pays, deductibles, and other costs for preventative care and provides for free annual wellness checkups starting next year.
CONTENT: Trade deals are negotiated in secret and, unlike corporate interests,politicians never invite the leaders of the AFL-CIO or steelworkers or the mine workers to come in and sit down in these meetings.
CONTENT: A violent felon can buy (a gun) over the Internet with no background check, no questions asked.
CONTENT: Says Texas law requires state agencies to give preference to goods produced and grown in Texas.
CONTENT: Rhode Island is the last state still using the Optech III P voting machines and they dont meet suggested federal standards.
Node: (15, 17)--------------------
CONTENT: The truth is, Planned Parenthood does not provide mammograms. Planned Parenthood refers women to mammography providers, serving as the middlewoman, if you will.
CONTENT: Hillsboroughs Public Transportation Commission has a rule that says cabbies have to wear socks. I mean, please. Come on.
CONTENT: The Dallas Cowboys cant put a sticker on their helmets for the 5 police officers who were killed.
CONTENT: Says about 25 Texas cities and 39 states have banned texting while driving.
CONTENT: We fixed a loophole in the (gun) background record check system so that we could make our commonwealth safer.
CONTENT: The Georgia Secretary of States Office and the Georgia State Elections Board investigate and penalize hundreds of people guilty of election fraud.
CONTENT: Virginia Democrats recently enforced voter ID rules that were considerably more stringent than those contained in the state law they denounce.
CONTENT: You would receive a citation for taking a dildo to class at the University of Texas.
CONTENT: Police officers in this state have that right, to check the immigration status of people they arrest.
Node: (15, 18)--------------------
CONTENT: My opponent on day one of this campaign attacked me on Medicare and Medicare Advantage and that claim was found to be False.
CONTENT: PolitiFact Texas gave a David Dewhurst TV ad a Pants-on-Fire rating as an outrageous lie.
CONTENT: Says a 9-year-old girl was recently raped in Austin, Texas, by a guy previously caught four times and released.
CONTENT: The Broward Republican Executive Committee had the liberal League of Women Voters Guide removed from the Broward Supervisor of Elections website.
CONTENT: Says Kelly Ayotte voted to fix background checks.
CONTENT: Five members of [the Common Cause Georgia] board accepted maximum campaign contributions.
CONTENT: On gun policy
CONTENT: 47 - New provisions ObamaCare charges the IRS with implementing, according to the Government Accountability Office.
CONTENT: Federal investigators found a company that (David Perdue) ran discriminated against women -- paid them less than men for the same work.
CONTENT: The U.S. Department of Homeland Security warned that the SAVE database is not a foolproof means of verifying (citizenship on) the voter rolls.
CONTENT: Ultimately, after an exhaustive investigation, the National Transportation Safety Board concluded that a Minneapolis bridge collapsed in 2007 because of an original design flaw dating back to the 1960s.
CONTENT: The Castro regime violated international norms by secretly shipping weapons to North Korea in violation of a U.N. embargo.
Node: (15, 19)--------------------
CONTENT: The NRA supported background checks...
CONTENT: A bipartisan background check amendment outlawed any (gun) registry. Plain and simple, right there in the text.
CONTENT: The woman named Wisconsins 2010 outstanding teacher of the year was laid off by the Milwaukee Public Schools that year under seniority and tenure rules that were eliminated by his Act 10 changes.
CONTENT: When I was secretary of state, I had a very high approval rating.
CONTENT: The Senate Republican education plan is an unfunded mandate for local school districts.
CONTENT: Says Rick Scotts proposal for election reform only mandates 48 hours of early voting.
CONTENT: I have a D-minus voting record from the NRA.
CONTENT: A wide majority of NRA households ... supported this legislation on gun background checks.
CONTENT: Says Mitt Romney has a corporation in Bermuda (but) failed to disclose that on seven different financial disclosures.
CONTENT: ...some of those (tax increases) were either court-ordered, or they were voted on by the people and approved by the people for (such) things as roads.
CONTENT: The Baucus health care bill would require taxes on medical devices such as X-ray machines, female condoms, HIV tests and surgical needles.
CONTENT: The Internal Revenue Service spent $60,000 on a Star Trek training video.
CONTENT: Says 40 years ago, the U.S. placed Texas under Voting Rights Act for failing to print ballots in Spanish.
CONTENT: Were paying out-of-state residential facilities hundreds of thousands of dollars, if not more, to house children in state custody
CONTENT: A private company building a natural gas pipeline into Florida is being forced to spend months under the review of six federal agencies.
Node: (15, 20)--------------------
CONTENT: Whether you like to admit it or not, half our general revenue goes to education.
CONTENT: The Charleston, S.C., shootershould have never been given a gun, but the universal background check was not fast enough.
CONTENT: Cuyahoga County passed a program to guarantee a college savings account for every single child who enters kindergarten in this county -- the first county in the United States to do so.
CONTENT: Voting in the wrong precinct led to over 14,000 registered voters statewide to lose their vote in 2008.
CONTENT: McDonalds workers in Denmark have a union. Earn $45,000/year.
CONTENT: Most federal employees do not have collective bargaining for benefits, nor for pay.
CONTENT: People committed involuntarily for 72 hours under the Baker Act will get their guns back automatically and immediately upon discharge....and their commitment is never entered into a background check database.
CONTENT: Guantanamo has never been a key component of ISIS or al-Qaida propaganda.
CONTENT: A 0.05 standard for drunken driving means having a glass of wine at dinner could make a person drunk.
CONTENT: From the Do As I Say Not As I Do department: federal employees owe $3.3 billion in back taxes.
CONTENT: The right to vote in this country has never been intrinsically tied to citizenship.
Node: (15, 21)--------------------
CONTENT: According to ATF data, 70 percent of firearms recovered and traced in drug cartel crimes in Mexico originated from the United States.
CONTENT: Says if you are shot in the city of Newark, you have over an 80 percent chance that youve been arrested before an average of 10 times.
CONTENT: 91% of suspected terrorists who attempted to buy guns in America walked away with the weapon they wanted.
CONTENT: ISIS is in 32 countries.
CONTENT: 8.5 million Americans have gotten rebate checks because their insurance companies were spending too much money on executive bonuses and administrative costs and not enough on health care.
CONTENT: A black male baby born today, if we do not change the system, stands a one-in-three chance (of) ending up in jail.
CONTENT: Over the past 35 years, Florida families have paid into the (National Flood Insurance Program) over $16 billion, four times more than the amount they have received in claim reimbursements.
CONTENT: Roughly 500,000 Georgians -- or about 5 percent of the states residents -- have gone through a background check to legally obtain a Georgia weapons carry license.
CONTENT: African-Americans dont use drugs at a higher level than whites but wind up going to prison six times more.
CONTENT: The Alternative Minimum Tax was never intended to hit people in middle income, upper middle income. It was meant for people who are rich and evading taxes.
Node: (15, 22)--------------------
CONTENT: Common Core is not from the federal government, they do not have their fingerprints on this thing at all.
CONTENT: Says paid family leave is a program that is standard in all but five nations around the world.
CONTENT: If youre a Mexican, you get sent back. ... But if youre from a noncontiguous country like the Central American countries then you can stay in the United States.
CONTENT: If we choose Obamacare expansion, 600,000 will lose eligibility for their subsidies, of which 257,000 would be forced into Medicaid.
CONTENT: Welcome to #Houston, the most #diverse city in #America.
CONTENT: Before we even passed health care, 4 millions kids got health insurance that didnt have it before, through the Childrens Health Insurance Program.
CONTENT: Says there are ample means to tell when someone is a Christian in the Middle East ... by name, by where theyre born, their birth certificates.
CONTENT: Im ninth generation from New Hampshire.
CONTENT: You cant build a Christian church in Saudi Arabia.
CONTENT: If you want to see the jobs that Ive saved and created in this storm he helped create, go anywhere in Ohio.
CONTENT: Twenty-five percent of our kids in foster care are there because their parents are involved in drugs.
CONTENT: Most AGs dont go to court..
Node: (15, 23)--------------------
CONTENT: One out of every four students fails to earn a high school diploma. In our major cities across America, half of our kids dont graduate.
CONTENT: Nearly 6 out of 10 believe that money and wealth should be more evenly distributed among a larger percentage of the people in the U.S.
CONTENT: As a result of the House Republican bill, the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office now confirms that families will see their health care premiums reduced by up to 10 percent.
CONTENT: Almost half a million people are still eligible (for DACA), particularly in the Asian-American and Pacific Islander community.
CONTENT: We cut taxes for 95 percent of working families.
CONTENT: Says that before health care reform, one of every three health care dollars spent -- more than $800 billion a year -- didnt go for health care.
CONTENT: The people in Massachusetts like (the state health care plan) by about a 3-1 margin.
CONTENT: One out of four of our young people say they are victims of this (dating) violence.
CONTENT: Weve got 7.2 percent unemployment (in Ohio), but when you include the folks who have stopped looking for work, its actually over 10 percent.
Node: (15, 24)--------------------
CONTENT: The majority of Americans are conservatives.
CONTENT: The people who want President Barack Obama impeached are all white, theyre all older, and guess what, theyre in the far right wing of the Republican Party.
CONTENT: More than 80 percent of Georgians dont support legislation to ease gun restrictions in houses of worship, in bars and on campuses.
CONTENT: The United States is behind many countries in Europe in terms of the ability of every kid in America to get ahead.
CONTENT: Ninety percent of American workers dont own their own business.
CONTENT: Every poll you see, the overwhelming majority of people want [E-Verify].
CONTENT: Palin "inherited a city with zero debt, but left it with indebtedness of over $22-million."
CONTENT: Virginias educational level among whites is higher than Georgias.
CONTENT: The federal health care law tells the American people precisely what type of coverage they have to have.
CONTENT: The federal government is spending $46,000 a year per family (or group of four) and could balance its budget by dropping that to $30,000.
CONTENT: Most folks wages havent gone up in over a decade.
Node: (15, 25)--------------------
CONTENT: Americans spend 6.1 billion hours a year on tax preparation.
CONTENT: The typical white male worker in this country is making in real terms what he was making in 1973 and the average worker is making what they were making in 1996.
CONTENT: Surveys show that many of our citizens think we devote a full quarter or even a third of our federal budget to foreign aid.
CONTENT: Says Mitt Romney had millions in a Swiss bank account.
CONTENT: Research shows the employer mandate in the House health reform bill would "place millions 'at substantial risk of unemployment' with minority workers losing their jobs at twice the rate of their white counterparts."
CONTENT: This (SCHIP) is socialized medicine. It is going to go to families that make $60,000 a year. Those aren't poor children.
CONTENT: We live in the most incarcerated country in the world.
CONTENT: Says the federal government is spending $765,828 to subsidize pancakes for yuppies in Washington.
CONTENT: The employer mandate affects only 5 percent of businesses in this country.
CONTENT: You dont see Norway losing population, and its taxes are astronomical.
CONTENT: Were borrowing 40 cents of every dollar we spend.
Node: (15, 26)--------------------
CONTENT: Says 1 in 7 American families is on food stamps.
CONTENT: Israel has seen a 90 percent reduction in terrorist attacks that it attributes to building a 500-mile fence.
CONTENT: We've got some 37-million of our fellow citizens who are living in poverty; about 12-million or 13-million are children.
CONTENT: We have record numbers of people living in poverty.
CONTENT: Thanks to our reforms, the average family will have an extra $322 to spend.
CONTENT: 134,000 (criminal) aliens have been released by the (Obama) administration in just the past two years.
CONTENT: Says he would have almost twice the actual experience practicing law Greg Abbott did on becoming attorney general of Texas.
CONTENT: Due to the war in Iraq, 4,400 Americans are dead, 30,000 severely wounded and more than 100,000 are suffering from serious health problems related to post traumatic stress syndrome.
CONTENT: Says Wisconsin Democrats during the previous administration adopted double-digit tax increases.
CONTENT: 380 Americans have been killed in 294 mass shootings in 2015 alone.
CONTENT: Three of our cities are among the top five worst cities in the U.S. for asthma.
CONTENT: We have over 25 million people who live in Texas and less than 2 percent of them have concealed handgun licenses.
CONTENT: Sen. Rubios (tax plan) would cut taxes for households making around $3 million a year by almost $240,000, which is way more than three times the earnings of a typical family.
CONTENT: Hillary Clinton "has the only health care plan that covers every American."
CONTENT: We have 33,000 people a year who die from guns.
CONTENT: Says that 500,000 federal workers -- one-fourth of the federal workforce -- make more than $100,000 a year.
CONTENT: Obamacare (hit) Americans with over $500 billion in new taxes.
CONTENT: Most of the people that work in finance make $70,000, $80,000 a year.
Node: (15, 27)--------------------
CONTENT: Raising the minimum wage to $10.10 an hour, would help lift over a million Americans out of poverty.
CONTENT: After Britains vote to leave the European Union, within 24 hours, Americans lost $100 billion from our 401(k)s.
CONTENT: We have 25 million Americans out of work.
CONTENT: Before President Obama acted in Libya in 2011, the American people were opposed to military action by 35 to 60. After he took action, they were in support of it 54 to 43.
CONTENT: More than 90 percent of the gains have gone to the top 1 percent.
CONTENT: In Florida, for eight years we cut taxes every year, totaling $19 billion.
CONTENT: Women in Florida make 83 cents for every dollar a man makes.
CONTENT: It is wrong for the average federal worker today to make more than $100,000 while the average private-sector worker makes less than $70,000.
CONTENT: For every week that (state lawmakers are) able to cut off our timeline, it saves (Georgia taxpayers) approximately $100,000.
CONTENT: Proposed cuts in the House farm bill mean 2 million less people on food stamps, 210,000 children will not receive school lunches or breakfasts.
CONTENT: Already this calendar year, since January 1, we have had more than 20,000 people come across the border, apprehended, unauthorized.
CONTENT: The United States is number 14, number 15 in college graduation rates, and were leading the world in high school dropout rates.
CONTENT: (Mary) Burkes company, Trek Bicycles, makes 99% of their bikes overseas.
CONTENT: Raising the minimum wage to $10.10 an hour will destroy between half a million and one million jobs.
Node: (15, 28)--------------------
CONTENT: Hate crimes against American Muslims and mosques have tripled after Paris and San Bernardino.
CONTENT: Sens. Isaksons, Chambliss Votes Against Unemployment Insurance Were Votes to Kill Nearly 6,000 Georgia Jobs.
CONTENT: Salaries of Austin residents who dont work for city government have not been going up 3 percent a year for the last several years.
CONTENT: About two-thirds of all consumption is services. . . It was just the opposite when the sales tax was enacted in the 30s.
CONTENT: Recent news reports indicate DWI crashes in Austin dropped 23 percent since ridesharing entered the market.
CONTENT: Because of Obamacare peoples premiums ...are going up 35, 45, 55 percent.
CONTENT: Weve seen property taxes go down for the first time in 12 years on a median valued home.
CONTENT: Weve recovered (from the recession) faster and come farther than almost any other advanced country on Earth.
CONTENT: More people have watched Morning Joe than CNN and HLN 5 years in a row.
CONTENT: 750 days since Bill Nelson the Democrats in the Senate passed a budget. How can this be justified?
CONTENT: Since he took office as Milwaukee County executive, we have never raised bus fares and this year therell be a million route-miles more than there were five years ago.
CONTENT: Says the governor took away a billion dollars of rebates, so in real dollars, our property taxes have gone up 20 percent.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clinton tripled the number of people with AIDS whose lives are being saved .. and it did not cost you any more money.
CONTENT: The Democratic Congress has already taken significant steps to create jobs and jump-start the economy, resulting in the lowest tax rates in over 50 years and the creation of over 500,000 new jobs so far this year.
CONTENT: Two years after the worst recession most of us have ever known ... corporate profits are up.
Node: (15, 29)--------------------
CONTENT: The American healthcare system burns 18 percent of our national GDP. Nobody else is close.
CONTENT: AARP is "the largest reseller of insurance in the country" and "has a vested interest in seeing that the market for reselling supplemental insurance expands."
CONTENT: On the pace that we're on with job creation in the last four months ...we will have created more jobs in this year than in the entire Bush Presidency.
CONTENT: Under President George W. Bush, the U.S. had 52 months of ... uninterrupted job creation and revenues were at an all-time high in 2007.
CONTENT: Right now we are at 90 percent health insurance covered. Thats the highest weve ever been in our country.
CONTENT: Tonight in Ohio, more people came out to vote for Barack Obama in an unopposed race than voted for (Mitt) Romney and (Rick) Santorum combined.
CONTENT: Says oil productions down where Obamas in charge.
CONTENT: Obamacare could force thousands of volunteer fire stations to cut service or close entirely!
CONTENT: Last year, American oil production reached its highest level since 2003.
CONTENT: We had 2 percent of the global market (for advanced batteries) when he (Obama) started. We now have 16 percent, headed to 40 percent by 2015.
CONTENT: Texas added 6,600 miles of highway from 2001-2012, more than any other state.
CONTENT: New Mexico moved "up to" sixth in the nation in job growth.
CONTENT: In the last 10 years we've only had 7,000 barrels of oil spilled in the Gulf ... not counting hurricanes. This well is spewing that amount every day and a half.
CONTENT: The state budget has actually grown by $4.6 billion under Gov. Scott Walkers actions.
CONTENT: Because of Gov. Scott Walkers budgeting, a greater percentage of general fund tax dollars is going to pay off debt than ever before in our history.
CONTENT: When I took office, the deficit was nearly 10 percent of our economy. Today, its approaching 3 percent.
CONTENT: Our businesses have created nearly twice as many jobs in this recovery as they had at the same point in the last recovery, when there was no Obamacare.
CONTENT: In Cover Florida "thousands already enrolled and climbing."
CONTENT: More people were killed by terrorists in 2015 than in any other year ever, after an 80 percentincrease from 2014.
CONTENT: Weve had a dramatic drop in violent crime since this law (stand your ground) has been in effect.
CONTENT: November 2012 was a record year of turnout. More people voted before Election Day using absentee ballots and voting early than ever before in our history.
CONTENT: Under Obamacare, premiums have doubled and tripled in Wisconsin.
CONTENT: Thanks to you, in under one week we have the largest GOP (Facebook) page in the Governor's race!
CONTENT: The University of Texas is starting the first medical school at a major Tier One university in the last 50 years.
CONTENT: The Public Employee Retirement System is making more millionaires than the Oregon state lottery.
CONTENT: After 30 years of inaction, we raised fuel standards so that by the middle of the next decade, cars and trucks will go twice as far on a gallon of gas.
CONTENT: Says when Mitt Romney was governor, Massachusetts was 47th in job creation
CONTENT: Says Texas lawmakers last year expanded public educations share of state spending.
CONTENT: The Bush-era tax cuts failed to increase employment and work-force participation fell in 2001 and has never returned to the record level set in 2000.
CONTENT: Today, Florida is in 50th place in spending on education.
CONTENT: Wisconsins dead last in Midwest job growth.
CONTENT: Debt has almost doubled in Austin under Gov. Perry.
Node: (16, 0)--------------------
CONTENT: In the case of a catastrophic event, the Atlanta-area offices of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention will self-destruct.
CONTENT: Letting the Bush tax cuts expire would raise taxes on small businesses.
CONTENT: Today and every day, an estimated 14,000 Americans will lose their health insurance coverage.
CONTENT: A "massive" federal computer network will make your medical records available to "millions of people" with a "complete lack of privacy and confidentiality," while doctors and hospitals who don't take part face "stiff penalties."
CONTENT: Teachers will not be able to return to work after raising their children.
CONTENT: We will be the first party to elect a bald guy to governor.
CONTENT: Once the U.S. government signs a U.N. treaty on conventional arms, "all U.S. citizens will be subject to those gun laws created by foreign governments."
CONTENT: Under the health care law, everybody will have lower rates, better quality care and better access.
CONTENT: New tax increases that went into effect on Jan.1, 2015, all passed under the Affordable Care Act, aka Obamacare.
CONTENT: Under the Democratic health plan, families will be forced to spend an additional $2,100 a year to keep their current health care.
CONTENT: Says library district would come at no direct cost to the city budget.
CONTENT: The majority of revenue generated by a proposed Kenosha casino would be sent to the Seminole tribe in Florida.
CONTENT: Sixteen thousand new Internal Revenue Service agents will be empowered to enforce the new health care legislation.
CONTENT: $3 billion over the next five years will be taken out of our public schools and be put into vouchers.
CONTENT: The federal Hate Crimes Prevention Act bill would create special protection for pedophiles.
CONTENT: If the Sellwood Bridge is not replaced, it will have to be shut down within eight years.
CONTENT: Under a new federal regulation, it will cost Pinellas County $31 million to fix a single ditch.
CONTENT: New food safety legislation will regulate backyard gardening.
CONTENT: The newly created state Immigration Enforcement Review Board can actually prosecute, and get them [violators] into jail, if we bring in the attorney general.
CONTENT: According to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office, the IRS would need to hire over 16,000 people ... to audit the American people and impose the new taxes and mandates of the health care bill.
Node: (16, 1)--------------------
CONTENT: The United States does not have a system through which growers and dairies can bring a workforce legally into the U.S.
CONTENT: For the first time in U.S. history, a personal inaction will be deemed unlawful -- not purchasing a health-insurance plan
CONTENT: Under Obamacare, Virginia taxpayers would have been forced to pay for abortions if the General Assembly had not recently intervened.
CONTENT: If there were not derivatives, there would be no bank loans at all today.
CONTENT: The gun industry isthe only business in America that is wholly protected from any kind of liability.
CONTENT: One-third of the health care dollar goes to no such thing as health care; it goes to the insurance companies.
Node: (16, 2)--------------------
CONTENT: What (the Obama administration is) going to come out with in the next several months is youre not even going to be able to burn coal very limitedly in the existing plants.
CONTENT: We have a director of homeland security who cannot use and will not use the term 'terrorist attack' but instead substitutes 'man-made disaster.' 
CONTENT: If a President Romney got a call from the president of the (Mormon church), he has no choice but to obey. It is obedience over family and country.
CONTENT: Theres only one candidate under investigation -- Terry McAuliffe.
CONTENT: We have not taken away any rights that have currently existed in any city in North Carolina with the passage of HB2.
CONTENT: The Affordable Care Act is not the law of the land.
CONTENT: Look, we are at war with these people and they dont wear uniforms. This is a war against people that are vicious, violent people, that we have no idea who they are, where they come from. We are allowing tens of thousands of them into our country now.
CONTENT: If youre from Syria and youre a Christian, you cannot come into this country as a refugee.
CONTENT: In the last three years alone, 13 times, the Supreme Court, unanimously, 9-0, including all of the presidents liberal picks, have struck down the presidents executive orders.
CONTENT: The federal government right now does not deport criminals.
CONTENT: Despite what you may have heard about Wisconsins finances, Wisconsin is on track to have a budget surplus this year.
CONTENT: Obamacare was invented by liberal academic theorists.
Node: (16, 3)--------------------
CONTENT: Everything I have said (on the campaign trail) has been factually accurate.
CONTENT: I'm glad for the wording of it (an ethics report on corporate-sponsored Congressional trips) because clearly the wording exonerates me.
CONTENT: The truth was revealed there in that report that showed there was no unlawful or unethical activity on my part.
CONTENT: Barack Obama, right now, No. 1, over seven years has dramatically degraded our military.
CONTENT: After 9/11, Jim put us all first by serving for 23 months in Iraq, the wars longest tour.
CONTENT: The sequester is not something that Ive proposed. It is something that Congress has proposed.
CONTENT: The federal government only ordered BP to pay "to do one of those six segments" of sand barriers for Louisiana.
CONTENT: I'm pro-life. He's not.
CONTENT: The fact is voter fraud is rampant.
CONTENT: I am the only person in this field who is against amnesty. Every other person in this field wants to allow people who are here illegally to be able to stay here, in one form or another.
CONTENT: Karen Handel would have felt like it was OK to go in and abort Sarah Palins son Trig, who has Down syndrome.
CONTENT: We know from ... the federal data, that they only stop or apprehend one out of four illegal people crossing our border.
CONTENT: Lincoln was fervently making plans to send all freed slaves to the jungles of Central America once the (Civil War) was over. The only thing that kept this from happening was his assassination.
CONTENT: Says Ive been proven right about Hillary Clintons radical call for open borders, meaning anyone in the world can enter the United States without any limit at all.
CONTENT: Among Syrian refugees, there arent that many women, there arent that many children.
Node: (16, 4)--------------------
CONTENT: Says two-thirds of groups targeted for IRS scrutiny were not conservative.
CONTENT: For every single scientist that tells you (global warming is) happening and that its our fault...I can stack up another group of reports that say just the opposite.
CONTENT: If you're a small business and don't "adopt the health care plan that Senator Obama mandates, he's going to fine you."
CONTENT: The IRS is going to be in charge of our health care.
CONTENT: A number of the national publications have put this race in a tossup race between Democrats and Republicans. They don't know who's going to win this race.
CONTENT: Blocking travel from countries with Ebola should be possible because President Barack Obama has sealed off Israel in the past.
CONTENT: I had previously said that NATO was obsolete because it failed to deal adequately with terrorism. Since my comments, they have changed their policy and now have a new division focused on terror threats.
CONTENT: If you shut down Amtraks Northeast Corridor, its estimated youd have to add seven new lanes to I-95 to accommodate the increased traffic.
CONTENT: Says his barehanded catch posted on YouTube is real.
Node: (16, 5)--------------------
CONTENT: Clackamas County Commissioners approved a re-negotiated agreement to lower the countys contribution to TriMets Portland-Milwaukie Light Rail project to $19.9 million from $25 million.
CONTENT: Weve got a 1,000 National Guard troop request thats been in front of this president for over a year and no response.
CONTENT: A report just came out that if we continue with President Obamas policies, were looking at over 9 percent unemployment next year in the fourth quarter.
CONTENT: [T]he Georgia Dome has returned $10 billion in economic impact to the state of Georgia.
CONTENT: Yes, this would be the same congressman (Rep. Pete Hoekstra) who last year Tweeted the whereabouts of a top-secret mission to Iraq.
CONTENT: Almost nine out of every 10 pennies that would be spent turning a 200-mile stretch of Interstate 70 into a toll road would be from folks outside Missouri.
CONTENT: In the history of Republican primaries, Ive gotten the most votes in the history of the Republican party.
CONTENT: Says Donald Trump is going to go out and carpet bomb the Middle East.
CONTENT: Theres talk in Congress now about basically confiscating your private 401(k) or IRA plan and rolling it into Social Security to strengthen Social Security.
CONTENT: Says Wisconsin state Sen. Randy Hopper, R-Fond du Lac, has already been recalled.
Node: (16, 6)--------------------
CONTENT: Said former U.S. Ambassador to Kenya Scott Gration was forced to resign two years ago because of his personal use of emails.
CONTENT: Due to actions by President Barack Obama, the Burger King national headquarters announced this month that they will be pulling their franchises from our military bases.
CONTENT: Says Marco Rubio said that felons should not have their voting rights restored but that convicted felons should be allowed to own guns after they have done their time.
CONTENT: Says Chris Christie was the first governor in America to endorse Mitt Romney.
CONTENT: Says Donald Trump has been talking about the option of using a nuclear weapon against our Western European allies.
CONTENT: Says President Obama was proposing pinprick strikes for military intervention in Syria.
CONTENT: The CEO of Goldman Sachs let his employees know that hed be just fine with either Bush or Clinton.
CONTENT: Says President Barack Obama has put (up) a stop sign against oil drilling, against any kind of exploration offshore or in Alaska.
CONTENT: The president has given 1,100 special waivers to his friends for Obamacare.
CONTENT: Says Republican gubernatorial candidate Scott Walker increased his own pay by $50,000.
CONTENT: A recent report from the presidents deficit commission was completely empty on controlling health care costs.
CONTENT: Says Michele Bachmann said, The Chinese built a Great Wall 5,000 years ago. You dont see any illegal Mexicans in China.
CONTENT: Joe, I keep hearing you every morning talking about the biggest tax increase in history, but you don't mention it's also the biggest tax cut in history.''	health-care,taxes	richard-durbin	Senator	Illinois	democrat	0	2	1	0	1	a comment on the Morning Joe'' show on MSNBC.
CONTENT: Holding up a BlackBerry, McCain campaign adviser says, "youre looking at the miracle John McCain helped create."
CONTENT: Says U.S. Rep. Steve Daines, R-Mont., opposes a vote on his own legislation that he proposed just a few months ago.
Node: (16, 7)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Gov. John Kasich implied that a portion of workers compensation rebates to employers should be directed back to him in the form of campaign cash.
CONTENT: The law says ... when a police officer stops you, do whatever he says and then deal with it later.
CONTENT: Remember that developers are forced to use the 195 land union contractors, so tap an extra $10 million into any construction project.
CONTENT: Says FBI Director James Comeys letter about new developments in the investigation into her emails only went to Republican members of the House.
CONTENT: President Barack Obama suggested on national TV that the Democratic health care bill will have government decide that a healthy, 100-year-old woman in need of a pacemaker should take a pain pill instead.
CONTENT: Says that Mitt Romney, while he was in Arizona, said he believes the states SB 1070 immigration law should be the model for national immigration laws.
CONTENT: The fact is that although we have had a president who is opposed to abortion over the last eight years, abortions have not gone down.''	abortion	barack-obama	President	Illinois	democrat	70	71	160	163	9	a TV interview with megachurch pastor Rick Warren in Lake Forest, Calif.
2724.json	true	Most of the jobs that we lost were lost before the economic policies we put in place had any effect.	economy,job-accomplishments,jobs,stimulus	barack-obama	President	Illinois	democrat	70	71	160	163	9	an interview on The Daily Show with Jon Stewart"
CONTENT: Says that U.S. Sen. Marco Rubio says troops are leaving Iraq too fast.
CONTENT: Says Harry Reid, when asked about the Republican field, said the Republican he likes the best is Donald Trump, and he said, because I can work with him. Hell cut deals.
CONTENT: Says climate scientist James Hansen says we have until perhaps 50 years from now, or maybe a little longer and at that point, we are looking at 10, 20, 30 feet of sea-level rise.
CONTENT: SaysGov. John Kasich incorrectly claimed Ohios economy was 38th in the nation when he took office. We were sixth in the nation in terms of economic job growth.
CONTENT: Dave Brat said the best way to fix Social Security would be to give seniors back what they paid in and no more.
CONTENT: Says a question about his financial skills at the CNBC debate included discredited attacks from Democrats and my political opponents.
CONTENT: Says Texas U.S. Rep. Pete Sessions said the GOPs goal is to go back to the same exact policies that were in place before this president took office... policies that crashed the economy.
CONTENT: During a town hall meeting on health care, "ABC didn't even allow ads that opposed the president's health care plan to be aired."
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clinton told her daughter and a government official that Benghazi was a terrorist attack, and then tells everybody else that it was a video.
CONTENT: Lady Gaga announced she would cover her face until Trump gets fired from office.
CONTENT: Says Tammy Baldwin had the opportunity to vote to honor the victims of 9/11 and she voted against it.
CONTENT: Mike Morell testified and told Congress that the reason Obama has not bombed ISISoil fields is theyre concerned about global warming.
CONTENT: A Texas law says that you cant shoot bears out of the second floor of a window.
Node: (16, 8)--------------------
CONTENT: Says a Portland school gives Muslim students their own school provided prayer room, prayer rugs, and lets them out of class five times a day to pray to Allah.
CONTENT: Hillary's baby bond proposal would give $5,000 to each of the 4-million babies born in the U.S. each year, totaling $20-billion per year, multiplied by four years = $80-billion.
CONTENT: Says Sen. John McCain spent the July 4 weekend in Islamabad, Pakistan, selling F-16s and advanced weapons to the folks who harbored Osama bin Laden.
CONTENT: President Obamas budget would call for about $25 trillion in debt by the end of his term, if he was re-elected.
CONTENT: Says Rick Perry flip-flopped on gay marriage by first saying it was a states rights issue and then saying he was in favor of a federal constitutional amendment banning gay marriage.
CONTENT: Says Judge JoAnne Kloppenburg agreed to use a technicality to give a convicted sex offender a new hearing because he didnt understand the charge.
CONTENT: Quotes Mark Cuban as saying,I worry that millions of millennials are voting Democrat this year because they fact-check everything.
CONTENT: Says an estimate that Texas will face an $18 billion budget gap is a number that somebody just reached up in the air and grabbed."
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clinton is wrong to say he mocked a disabled reporter.
CONTENT: Mr. Warren compared same-sex couples to incest.
CONTENT: Says state Sen. Alberta Darling is allowing mercury to harm our children because she voted against an electronics recycling bill.
CONTENT: (President Barack Obama gave) half a billion in taxpayer money to help his friends at Solyndra, a business the White House knew was on the path to bankruptcy.
Node: (16, 9)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clinton is proposing to print instant work permits for millions of illegal immigrants to come in and take everybodys jobs, including low-income African-Americans.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clinton refuses to testify before Congress about the 2012 attack in Benghazi.
CONTENT: Both McCain and Bush favor tax breaks for oil companies.
CONTENT: Says that while President Barack Obama promised to work with your employer to lower your premiums by $2,500 per family per year, his health care law raises premiums in the individual market by $2,100 per family.
CONTENT: Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama want to raise capital gains taxes, which apply to home sales.
CONTENT: President Obama's bill won't bring down the costs (of health care) for average Americans -- or really for very few Americans, if any.
CONTENT: Says U.S. Senate candidate Tommy Thompson supports a plan for privatizing Social Security.
CONTENT: In his book, (Ken) Cuccinelli questions whether Medicare and Social Security should exist.
CONTENT: Says Mitt Romney backed a bill that outlaws all abortions, even in cases of rape and incest.
CONTENT: Says U.S. Senate candidate Eric Hovde has no problem with raising taxes.
CONTENT: Says Mitt Romney supports a plan to slowly and gradually raise the retirement age of Social Security.
CONTENT: Millennials are more pro-life than baby boomers and older Americans.
CONTENT: On how he measures his promise to create 700,000 private-sector jobs in seven years.
Node: (16, 10)--------------------
CONTENT: McCain supports tax breaks for companies that ship jobs overseas.
CONTENT: Says he will pursue change in federal law to protect employees from extortion from a union because the Supreme Court has ruled that federal prohibitions outlawing extortion usually do not apply to unions.
CONTENT: Studies suggest the 2017 College Football Playoff Championship game will bring about 1,700 to 1,800 full-time jobs.
CONTENT: Supported in-state tuition in Arkansas for illegal immigrants "if you'd sat in our schools from the time you're 5 or 6 years old and you had become an A-plus student," among other things.
CONTENT: Nancy Pelosi wants a Windfall Tax on Retirement Income.
CONTENT: American families work hard to earn $4,250 a month. Obama is spending $18,972 a month on each illegal immigrant child.
CONTENT: According to a federal report, Obamacare will increase the long-term federal deficit by $6.2 trillion.
CONTENT: Ron Johnson is willing to hand over the Great Lakes to the oil companies.
CONTENT: John McCain refuses to support a new bipartisan energy bill "because it would take away tax breaks from oil companies like Exxon Mobil."
Node: (16, 11)--------------------
CONTENT: David Alameel is giving thousands of dollars to support the Republican Party candidates including John Cornyn and Greg Abbott.
CONTENT: Two thirds of the people in Wisconsin strongly disagree with this idea of permanently taking away peoples rights to collective bargaining.
CONTENT: Says Rick Perry is spending more money than the state takes in, covering his deficits with record borrowing.
CONTENT: Bill White is discriminating. Hes taking jobs from African Americans and giving them to his friends.
CONTENT: President Barack Obamas policies have resulted in gas prices being reduced from $3.07 per gallon when he was sworn in in 2009 to $2.30 today.
CONTENT: The Obama Administration is suing a Wisconsin company for forcing employees to speak English.
CONTENT: Says Bernie Sanders once said, Instead of removing the conditions that make people depressed, modern society gives them antidepressant drugs.
CONTENT: Says Virginia House Republicans are sacrificing $5 million a day in U.S. funds by refusing to expand Medicaid.
CONTENT: Congressman Scott DesJarlais is spending his one year anniversary on vacation -- only working 6 days in all of January.
CONTENT: Says scientists are in dispute over whether being gay is a choice.
Node: (16, 12)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Donald Trump literally has no plans to make higher education more affordable.
CONTENT: A bill backed by Sean Duffy and other House Republicans could actually require the Internal Revenue Service to conduct audits of rape victims who get an abortion.
CONTENT: The pastor McCain calls his 'spiritual guide,' Rod Parsley, believes America's founding mission is to destroy Islam, which he calls a 'false religion.' 
CONTENT: As first lady, Clinton would travel to places that were "too small, too poor or too dangerous" for the president.
CONTENT: The federal government is sending refugees to states with governors who are Republicans, not to the Democrats.
CONTENT: Bill Young uses his campaign money for, among other things, a luxury car.
CONTENT: President Obama has no plan to reduce the deficit, let alone pay down the debt.
CONTENT: Ted Cruz is in negotiations to be Donald Trumps running mate.
CONTENT: According to the state of Florida, you are almost twice as likely to be attacked by an alligator than by someone who happens to carry a conceal-and-carry permit.
CONTENT: In the past, President Obama has refused to meet with representatives from Cuban exile organizations.
CONTENT: John Kitzhaber is the only pro-choice candidate in the race for governor.
Node: (16, 14)--------------------
CONTENT: If you survey, most (North Carolina) Democrats also agree with our (election) laws and voter ID.
Node: (16, 15)--------------------
CONTENT: The Florida Department of Agricultures website FreshFromFlorida.com can be used to get a permit to carry a loaded hidden gun without ever leaving your house.
CONTENT: This is a test of the Share the Facts widget.
CONTENT: Human error, such as skipping a community in the Wisconsin Supreme Court race, is common in (the vote-tabulation) process.
CONTENT: Says direct shipment of wine makes underage drinking as simple as a mouse click.
CONTENT: Over half of the people who would be taxed under (a millionaire surtax) are, in fact, small businesspeople.
Node: (16, 16)--------------------
CONTENT: Cervical cancer in Africa is fully preventable with basic education, screeningand vaccines.
CONTENT: The State of Wisconsin thinks you should have to wash your hands at least 28 times to make one peanut butter-and-jelly sandwich.
CONTENT: Animal abuse is often an indicative trait of future acts of violence against humans.
CONTENT: The vast, overwhelming majority of [crimes that occur with a firearm] are committed by people who dont legally possess that firearm in the first place.
CONTENT: The nations food supply is 99.99 percent safe.
CONTENT: Theres no statistical evidence that a waiting period for handgun purchases reduces violence whatsoever.
Node: (16, 17)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clinton has been given tens of millions of dollars by countries that treat women horribly ...and countries that kill gays.
CONTENT: The Arizona State Board of Educations failure to report teachers whose certifications have been revoked or suspended ... resulted in the death of a student.
CONTENT: AIG said they were giving $57 million (in retention payments) to people who were being terminated.
CONTENT: Things like having Friday classes have been shown to be very effective on college campuses in reducing drinking.
CONTENT: Gingrich supported individual health insurance mandates.
CONTENT: The federal government regulates the holes in Swiss cheese.
CONTENT: Oregon concealed gun applications include home phone numbers, home address, Social Security numbers, what kinds of guns you have in the house whether you were dishonorably discharged from the military, what controlled substances you are taking and were you ever accused of -- accused, mind you -- of stalking.
CONTENT: Goodwill Industries International pays workers with disabilities wages as low as pennies per hour.
CONTENT: Says the giant African land snail carries human meningitis.
Node: (16, 18)--------------------
CONTENT: An Army report stated Allen West performed illegal acts, merited court martial, faced 11 years in prison.
CONTENT: Says the U.S. Department of Homeland Security must report to about 100 congressional committees and subcommittees.
CONTENT: In Senate Bill 5, there is this new method of evaluating teachers. Youre also going to be rated on what the parents think of you and they can send questionnaires and surveys home to parents.
CONTENT: Passing a federal firearms background check through the NICS database . . . typically takes 90 seconds.
CONTENT: We are within the margin of error.
CONTENT: A school uniform policy helps with school safety, helps with truancy.
CONTENT: Says the states pension and health benefits reform includes the destruction of public sector collective bargaining rights.
CONTENT: Says Texas lawmakers in 2011 ordered school districts to test every student on their respiratory system and weight.
Node: (16, 19)--------------------
CONTENT: In 2010, the non-partisan Government Accountability Office found that only 6.5 percent of the U.S.-Mexico border was under full control of the Border Patrol.
CONTENT: Says none of the government programs targeted for elimination or severe cutback in House Republican spending plans appeared on the GAOs list of government programs at high risk of waste, fraud and abuse.
CONTENT: My opponent was on both the city of Chicago payroll and the state of Illinois payroll simultaneously, taking full salary, funding her full pension benefits both as a city worker and as a state worker for 10 years.
CONTENT: John McCain's health care plan "won't guarantee coverage of cancer screenings or maternity care."
CONTENT: Regime change (in Iraq) took eight years
CONTENT: Amajority of the men and women on this stage have previously and publicly embraced amnesty. I am the only candidate on this stage who has never supportedamnesty.
CONTENT: We wiped out a $3.6 billion deficit without raising taxes.
CONTENT: Obama's plan for health care reform ends exorbitant out-of-pocket expenses, deductibles or co-pays.
CONTENT: In April 2009 the Democrats were in control, and the congressional (approval) rating was 40 percent.
CONTENT: Providence teachers can go five or six years without an evaluation.
CONTENT: The Banking Committee voted a 1,336-page bill "out of committee in 21 minutes with no amendments, with the understanding that before the bill came to the floor, we would reach this bipartisan agreement."
CONTENT: Three out of the 18 benchmarks of the (GAO) have been fulfilled. Even among Republican math, that is a failing grade.
Node: (16, 20)--------------------
CONTENT: Only 3 percent of voters 18 to 34 dont believe that climate change is really happening.
CONTENT: 90% of Americans want national background checks that close loopholes.
CONTENT: Says the claim that 40 percent of guns are sold without background checks traces to information gathered before background checks were even required.
CONTENT: Today, about 40 percent of guns are purchased without a background check.
CONTENT: As a result of National Rifle Association and other private-sector (safety-education) programs, fatal firearms accidents are at the lowest level in 100 years.
CONTENT: Nearly 45 percent of the women who receive health screenings through (the Womens Health Program) do so at a Planned Parenthood health center.
CONTENT: Says 94 percent of (Marco Rubios) constituents support a universal background check.
CONTENT: The No. 1 cause of childhood deaths is preventable accidents.
CONTENT: More than 40 percent of sales nationally are made without background checks.
CONTENT: Says that under his tax plan, seniors making less than $50,000 per year won't pay any income taxes.
Node: (16, 21)--------------------
CONTENT: Seniors with coverage under Medicare Advantage will give up "more than their share" because of health care reform
CONTENT: I didnt inherit money from my parents.
CONTENT: Ninety percent of Americans want our background check system strengthened and expanded to cover more gun sales.
CONTENT: The Nordic countries are some of the few countries that meet development aid goals.
CONTENT: Every single day in this country, 1,000 people are deported and the vast majority of those people that are deported arent criminals.
CONTENT: More than 3 million young adults ... have gained insurance under (the Affordable Care Act) by staying on their familys plan.
CONTENT: Says enrolling a student in a subsidized lunch program triggers an at risk designation, resulting in an extra $6,000 to $7,000 of state school aid per student.
CONTENT: Net immigration from Mexico last year was zero. Fact-check me.
CONTENT: More than 50 percent of immigrants from (El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras) use at least one major welfare program once they get here.
CONTENT: More than 80 percent of Americans believe we need to have universal background checks.
Node: (16, 22)--------------------
CONTENT: Says 24 million people in this country cant find a full-time job, 50 million cant see a doctor when theyre sick, 47 million people need government help to feed themselves and 15 million families owe more than the value of their home.
CONTENT: Did you know that the U.S. is one of the very few nations in the world without an official language?
CONTENT: Says its estimated that 300 babies a year are sent home from the hospital with an unrecognized congenital heart defect; it is the most common birth defect in America.
CONTENT: This is the most generous country in the world when it comes to immigration. There are a million people a year who legally immigrate to the United States.
CONTENT: I'm the product of a mixed marriage that would have been illegal in 12 states when I was born.
Node: (16, 23)--------------------
CONTENT: \u201CThirty-four percent of Hispanics don\u2019t have any health care at all, don\u2019t have any health insurance.\u201D
CONTENT: 21-million Americans could have a four-year college scholarship for the money we've squandered in Iraq. 7.6-million teachers could have been hired last year if we weren't squandering this money.
CONTENT: We bring in enough tax revenue to service our debt, pay for Medicare and Medicaid and Social Security, and then still have about $300 (billion) or $400 billion left over.
CONTENT: 30,000 Arizonans may have no choice on Affordable Care Act coverage.
CONTENT: Numbers on illegal immigrants "are down in terms of apprehensions, which indicates fewer illegal crossings, but also up in terms of actual enforcement actions."
CONTENT: Only 14 percent of Catholics agree with the Vaticans position that abortion should be illegal.
CONTENT: After prenatal diagnosis, 90 percent of Down syndrome children in America are aborted.
CONTENT: A small majority of Americans dont think they like the Affordable Care Act, but a large majority of Americans dont want to do away with the protections that are in the Affordable Care Act.
CONTENT: Says that illegal immigrants get a $100,000 break on University of Texas tuition over four years.
Node: (16, 24)--------------------
CONTENT: The top 1/10th of 1 percent today in America owns almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent.
CONTENT: Without a Medicaid expansion, 275,000 more Ohioans could be getting their primary care in emergency rooms, costing everybody a lot of money.
CONTENT: Says 25 percent of Oregonians oppose the death penalty.
CONTENT: Of the 10,000 Rhode Island children in charter school lotteries for the fall, more than 70 percent are poor .... In addition, a majority of them are students of color.
CONTENT: 80 percent of North Carolinians are for the living wage
CONTENT: Under Gov. John Kasichs budget proposal, the top one percent in Ohio will pay $10,000 less in income tax each year, but Ohios working and middle class families will pay more.
CONTENT: The recently passed transportation funding bill is a billion-dollar tax increase for Georgians.
CONTENT: Polls indicate that white people think that black people are less intelligent. They think theyre less trustworthy, less patriotic.
CONTENT: A strong majority of Americans support the Keystone XL pipeline.
CONTENT: 80 percent of the American people havent gotten a pay raise since the crash.
CONTENT: Forty-seven percent of Americans pay no income tax.
CONTENT: Says Mitt Romney paid only 14 percent in taxes probably less than you.
Node: (16, 25)--------------------
CONTENT: Says nearly 29,000 Oregonians almost 5 percent of all homeowners are 90 days or more delinquent on their mortgage.
CONTENT: Nearly 90% of Travis County government races will be settled by the time of the Democratic primary.
CONTENT: Americans spend 6.1 billion hours a year complying with tax law. It costs us $163 billion to comply with our tax laws annually.
CONTENT: Says Chris Christie inherited the highest taxes in America and the worst unemployment in the region.
CONTENT: Secular Americans are the fastest-growing religious identification demographic in this country.
CONTENT: A married couple that use the same last name is rarer and rarer in our country.
CONTENT: More than 1.5 million people moved into Georgia between the past two Census counts, and a majority consider themselves, African-American, Latino or Asian-American.
CONTENT: Unemployment in the city of St. Petersburg is below the state average.
CONTENT: Americans bought into climate change in 2004-06, but then most began wandering away from this issue.
CONTENT: We have tougher standards holding toy gun manufacturers and sellers to account than we do for real guns.
CONTENT: Among the developed nations, we are the least economically and socially mobile country in the world.
CONTENT: Forty-three million Americans are on food stamps.
Node: (16, 26)--------------------
CONTENT: We cut business taxes so today 70 percent of our businesses dont pay a business tax.
CONTENT: From 2013-2015, the richest 14 Americans increased their net wealth by more than $157 billion, yet the Republican budget would not require these Americans to contribute one penny to deficit reduction.
CONTENT: Sen. Joe Liebermans home state has a public option which covers about 10,000 of its citizens that was introduced by its Republican governor.
CONTENT: The last three days of early voting happen to be the most populated days of voting that we have in early voting.
CONTENT: Says black women are fastest-growing demographic group in ... Texas seeking concealed handgun licenses.
CONTENT: Within the three miles surrounding the University Circle area, infant mortality exceeds some Third World countries.
CONTENT: Says if the (Iran nuclear) deal gets rejected, they still get $150 billion.
CONTENT: In 1972, we had a 179,000 human beings in jail in this country. Today, it's 2.3-million, and 70 percent of them are black, African-American.
CONTENT: The list of voters that North Carolina Republicans tried to purge was two-thirds black and Democratic.
CONTENT: A tax on soda and juice drinks would disproportionately increase taxes on low-income families in Philadelphia.
CONTENT: Says New Jersey is losing 50 football fields of open space to development every day and the more we develop upstream the more flooding we have downstream.
CONTENT: Since President Obama took full control of Washington, every day, 13,000 more people have been put on food stamps.
CONTENT: Most state employees could pay twice as much toward their health care premiums and it would still be half the national average
CONTENT: The $3.6 billion deficit we inherited has turned into more than a half-billion-dollar surplus.
CONTENT: In terms of the wealthiest Americans, were at the lowest tax rate since the 1950s.
CONTENT: Only about a third of Texans who enroll in college graduate.
CONTENT: Americans are working longer hours for low wages . . . and yet almost all new income and wealth is going to the top 1 percent.
CONTENT: Seven of Americas 10 wealthiest counties are in the Washington, D.C., area.
CONTENT: The so-called doc fix in the fiscal cliff deal will cut payments for treating illnesses disproportionately impacting minorities, including end stage renal disease and diabetes.
Node: (16, 27)--------------------
CONTENT: A foreclosure tax that would take effect in 2013 could mean a high tax bill for those facing foreclosure and millions of families who modified their mortgage or had a short sale through their lender.
CONTENT: The majority of the Hispanic population and the growth (of the population) is U.S.-born.
CONTENT: Sunday liquor sales could generate $3.4 million to $4.8 million a year in additional sales tax revenue for Georgia.
CONTENT: 6.4 million more Americans living in poverty under President Obama.
CONTENT: About 3 percent of Gov. Nathan Deals appointments have been African-American.
CONTENT: After Massachusetts passed a mandatory health insurance law their mortality rate went down...it saved lives.
CONTENT: Today the Walton family of Walmart own more wealth than the bottom 40 percent of America.
CONTENT: We know that every 85 visitors create one Florida job.
CONTENT: Weve got close to 7 million Americans who have access to health care for the first time because of Medicaid expansion.
CONTENT: Average families are spending roughly $2,000 more a year on energy costs. ... It's like a $2,000 energy tax in just the last seven years, more than three times what the typical American family received from the Bush tax cuts.
CONTENT: The U.S. has 47 million people on food stamps. Thats 14 million more than when the current occupant of the White House took over.
CONTENT: When NAFTA was passed, there was an acceleration of immigration from Mexico because people were in search of jobs.
CONTENT: Today in America, 70 percent of us are earning the same or less than we were 12 years ago, and this is the first time that that has happened this side of World War II.
CONTENT: We should be seeing numbers in the 500,000 jobs created per month. (Creating 115,000 jobs, the total from April 2012) is way, way, way off from what should happen in a normal recovery.
CONTENT: Because of the new health care law, 2.5 million young adults now have coverage.
Node: (16, 28)--------------------
CONTENT: California has robust job growth that outpaces the rest of the nation.
CONTENT: American homeownership rate in Q2 2016 was 62.9% - lowest rate in 51yrs.
CONTENT: We now consume at the federal level 25 percent of the gross domestic product. Historically we were at 20 percent. So weve taken 5 percent away from the private sector.
CONTENT: While I was mayor of the city of Providence we had the lowest crime rate in 30 years.
CONTENT: Wisconsins rainy day fund is 165 times bigger than when we first took office.
CONTENT: Since 2000, Texas has reduced harmful pollutants in the air like nitrogen oxide by 62.5 percent, and ozone by 23 percent--a reduction that is 12 percent greater than the national average.
CONTENT: Says comprehensive immigration reform will add $700 billion to our economy.
CONTENT: Scott Walker couldnt get his own party to back more than a 500-student increase in Milwaukees school choice program, but in Indiana, Mitch Daniels voucher program is approaching 30,000 students two years after opening.
CONTENT: Obamacare is a massive, massive income redistribution with $250 billion a year in Medicaid expansion (and) in the subsidy structure thats basically being paid for by people on Medicare, through Medicare cuts, and a lot of tax increases.
CONTENT: Because of the new health care law, Americans no longer will see their coverage dropped or capped when illness strikes.
CONTENT: Theyve seen employer-supported coverage increase in Massachusetts after this law (Romneycare) was implemented.
CONTENT: Ninety-five percent of Oregonians now have health insurance coverage, tens of thousands for the very first time.
CONTENT: Scott Walker to cut $300 million from universities, spend $500 million on a pro basketball stadium.
CONTENT: Youve got each day 10,000 new seniors, baby boomers, becoming eligible for the entitlement programs.
Node: (16, 29)--------------------
CONTENT: [W]e see Americas prison population exploding, with America having a greater percentage of its people behind bars than any other nation in the world!
CONTENT: Since the president became the president, we have lost 3.3 million jobs in the private sector. But you know whos done OK and whos not complaining today? The public sector. Weve gained 590,000 public sector jobs.
CONTENT: We went from losing 3 million jobs in the last six months of the Bush Administration, adding almost 600,000 private sector jobs in the first six months of the year.
CONTENT: This year, were off to our best private-sector jobs growth since 1999.
CONTENT: Says in the last six months of the Bush administration, the U.S. lost 3.5 million jobs, including 760,000 jobs during January 2009 alone.
CONTENT: While the countrys economy was battered, nine states with no income tax actually grew jobs from 2001 to 2010.
CONTENT: During Sherrod Browns past decade as a D.C. politician, more than one out of every four jobs that has left America, left from Ohio. ... Sherrod Brown will own these horrendous Ohio job numbers next year.
CONTENT: Weve had the private sector more than double the investment that was made by the public sector at Quonset Business Park.
CONTENT: When President Obama took office, we were losing 700,000 jobs a month. Now weve had job growth, I think, for 24 consecutive months.
CONTENT: Weve now gained private sector jobs 12 months in a row.
CONTENT: Twenty-two million jobs were created during Clintons two terms but only 3 million during Bushs.
CONTENT: The income of the top 1 percent nearly quadrupled from 1979 to 2007, but the typical familys incomes barely budged.
CONTENT: Says that according to a report, the tech sector now drives more than one-quarter of Austins economy.
CONTENT: For the first time in 35 years, we have more businesses closing than starting.
CONTENT: If todays economy was rebounding at the rate of the Reagan recovery, it would have created the equivalent of 25 million new jobs and raised federal revenue by $800 billion a year.
CONTENT: We supported the first new nuclear power plant in three decades.
CONTENT: During Sherrod Browns past decade as a D.C. politician, more than one out of every four jobs that has left America, left from Ohio. ... Sherrod Brown will own these horrendous Ohio job numbers next year.
CONTENT: Our businesses have created jobs every single month since (Obamacare) became law.
CONTENT: Michael Dukakis created jobs three times faster than Mitt Romney.
CONTENT: The city of Richmond built the second richest team in the NFL a $14 million stadium.
CONTENT: Were 49th in the United States in new businesses created.
CONTENT: The nation as a whole has created jobs at a rate that is two times the rate that we have created jobs here in Wisconsin under Gov. Walker.
CONTENT: Since the stimulus package was passed, Ohios lost over 100,000 more jobs.
CONTENT: Ohio has created 45,000 new manufacturing jobs since 2010. And thats due in large part to the fact that the auto rescue has helped Ohio.
CONTENT: We have lost 600,000 jobs over the period of the last 10 years. Only Michigan and California have done worse.
CONTENT: Giving the facts: 73,000 jobs created ... since 11. Do you know how many direct jobs in the auto industry? 1,800.
CONTENT: Austin is number one in Texas in startups, venture capital and patents.
CONTENT: Today the top 1 percent earn a higher share of our national income than any year since 1928.
Node: (17, 0)--------------------
CONTENT: Only in Washington would politicians spend $27 million to teach Moroccans how to make pottery.
CONTENT: The current debate over authorizing military action against the Islamic State would be the first time Congress would place limits on the commander-in-chiefs ability to be commander-in-chief.
CONTENT: In 20 years there will be enough Muslim voters in the U.S. to elect the president by themselves.
CONTENT: When those restrictions expire (in the Iran nuclear deal), Iran will have an industrial-size military nuclear capability ready to go.
CONTENT: Gas will reach $4 a gallon under a cap-and-trade plan.
CONTENT: Increasing the min. wage to $15 an hour would reduce spending on food stamps, public housing and other programs by over $7.6 billion a year.
CONTENT: The high-speed rail project would create 60,000-plus jobs for Floridians.
CONTENT: Says Texas will be majority Hispanic in six years.
CONTENT: The health bill's plan for comparative effectiveness research would be used by the government to ration care.
CONTENT: Without U.S. Senate action, Texas will have more federal judicial vacancies this year than any other state.
CONTENT: Medicare will be bankrupt in nine years.
CONTENT: An April 7, 2015 referendum would take the choice of chief justice of the Wisconsin Supreme Court away from the people.
CONTENT: The government will go out and buy my breast pump for my babies.
CONTENT: If Austin voters reject Proposition 1, a completely new City-run criminal background check process will cost millions in processing fees, additional staff, and bureaucracy with taxpayers getting the bill.
CONTENT: A measure to repeal the states prevailing wage law would make it easier for state contractors to hire illegal workers for Wisconsin construction jobs through an illegal worker loophole in the state budget.
CONTENT: A 5 percent increase in domestic production would increase the world supply by less than 1 percent and do almost nothing to our dependence on foreign oil. This would also have virtually no effect on the price of gas at the pump.
CONTENT: The president's plan, even after the end of its withdrawal timeline is reached, will leave in place up to 50,000 U.S. troops.
CONTENT: Ethanol reduced gas prices by 89 cents per gallon in 2010, and if ethanol disappeared, gas prices could rise by as much as 92 percent.
CONTENT: By the year 2015 (Medicaid will) take up half our budget.
CONTENT: If we went back to the obesity rates that existed in 1980, that would save the Medicare system a trillion dollars.
CONTENT: The proposed mine in northern Wisconsin would be built without any government oversight, and will be nine miles long.
CONTENT: Within a few years, we will be spending more on interest payments than on national security.
CONTENT: Without the financial resources provided by hunters to protect habitat and stop poachers, there would be no infrastructure for wildlife management.
Node: (17, 1)--------------------
CONTENT: In the past 20 years, Egypt has made great strides in political and democratic reform.
CONTENT: A new college tuition reciprocity agreement with Minnesota makes college education more affordable for Wisconsin residents.
CONTENT: Says we are going to sell this house and use the proceeds to stabilize rates.
CONTENT: Because the EPA closed a lead smelter in Missouri, all lead for bullets will have to come from overseas!
CONTENT: In the event of a U.S. strike on Syria, the Russians will replace the weapons immediately. Theyve said it on the record. Theyve suggested they might even replace it with better stuff.
CONTENT: We created a flat tax in the state of Utah.
CONTENT: Were practically not allowed to use coal any more. What do we do with our coal? We ship it to China and they spew it in the air.
CONTENT: A telecom bill could keep the State Corporation Commission from getting rate-of-return information from electric utilities.
CONTENT: Seventy percent of the people in the state of New Jersey want marriage equality.
CONTENT: Under the Obama plan . . . all the health care in this country is eventually going to be run by the government.
CONTENT: We can fix our roads without raising taxes.
CONTENT: If all of the [Bush-era] tax cuts expire on schedule, the budget will be close to being balanced in four years.
CONTENT: If [Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed] wants to be like Bull Connor, then so be it.
CONTENT: Just on Jan. 1 of this year, there were 40,000 new laws put on the books in one day.
CONTENT: Drilling for oil on the Outer Continental Shelf and in parts of Alaska will immediately reduce our dangerous dependence on foreign oil.
Node: (17, 2)--------------------
CONTENT: We are already almost halfway to our 2010 goal of creating 700,000 new jobs in seven years.
CONTENT: Over 40 percent of small and mid-size banks that loan money to small businesses have been wiped out since Dodd-Frank has passed.
CONTENT: We are accepting more legal immigrants than we ever have in the history (of the United States.)
CONTENT: Says the Koch brothers funded the fight to let flood insurance premiums soar ... Now theyre spending millions to buy a Senate seat for Bill Cassidy so he can fight for them.
CONTENT: The stimulus has not created one private sector job.
CONTENT: Says under Mitt Romney, Medicare could end as we know it, leaving Julia with nothing but a voucher to buy insurance, which means $6,350 extra per year for a similar plan.
CONTENT: The folks in Washington are already forcing you to buy government health care.
CONTENT: The measles vaccine has killed 108 people in the last decade, while no one has died of measles.
CONTENT: New jobs numbers are in, and Wisconsin has fallen to dead last in Midwest job growth.
CONTENT: The Rev. Rick Warren "has called Christians who advance a social gospel Marxists."
CONTENT: We have the best schools in the United States.
CONTENT: Our most important work has been creating and retaining almost 55,000 Ohio jobs.
CONTENT: (Birmingham, Ala.) is the cradle of the civil rights movement.
CONTENT: Heres the simple and undeniable fact: The overwhelming majority of violent criminals are Democrats.
CONTENT: In Minnesota, well over 6,200 election-day registrations from 2008 proved fraudulent.
CONTENT: Palin said stimulus money for weatherization required "universal energy building codes for Alaska, kind of a one-size-fits-all building code that isn't going to work up there in Alaska."
CONTENT: Not a single unarmed white person has been shot by the police in New York in about 45 years.
CONTENT: More lives have been lost because of the war with the drug cartels in Juarez alone, just a few blocks from the United States of America, than have been lost in the war in Afghanistan.
CONTENT: Says Mexico can afford to build a wall because the countrys trade deficit with America is billions of dollars.
CONTENT: Today, the Social Security system is broke.
CONTENT: The studies have shown us that [drug testing for welfare recipients] will be saving us money
CONTENT: Says his patents in ultrasound have revolutionized modern medicine.
CONTENT: The last time there was a sustained surge of confidence in governments competence was under Ronald Reagan.
CONTENT: We just fought a Republican budget that ends Medicare as we know it.
Node: (17, 3)--------------------
CONTENT: The Family Research Council, according to some government agencies, is a terrorist group.
CONTENT: We have drawn down to presurge levels. Basra, Mosul and now Sadr City are quiet and it's long and it's tough and there will be setbacks.
CONTENT: Were losing now over $500 billion a year in terms of imbalance with China.
CONTENT: Our men and women of the Guard have been forced to contact food banks to feed themselves.
CONTENT: Our larger domestic threat is from racial supremacist groups.
CONTENT: Gov. Bill Haslam is making our Economic Development department Sharia compliant by hiring a woman who specializes in Sharia compliance. Thats what her job is.
CONTENT: Says Syrian refugees are not being vetted, and the FBI is not even being told where they are.
CONTENT: The Mexican government ... they send the bad ones over.
CONTENT: Due to the sequester, people are going to be unsafe. Homes are going to burn.
CONTENT: Says Gov. Jim Doyle and the DNR have not put hunters first and mismanaged the deer herd; as a result the deer population has dwindled.
CONTENT: Says As Mayor of Wilsonville, I drove TriMet out of town and replaced their bloated transit system with our own local bus line that offers better service and has saved our businesses millions of dollars.
CONTENT: Says Bernie Sanders is going to tax you people at 90 percent.
CONTENT: Democrats very much are in the pocket of the NRA.
CONTENT: We came out against Deepwater and everybody is now paying for [the project] in their electric bills.
CONTENT: @realDonaldTrump is coming to San Antonio, which is 60% Mexican-AMERICAN.
CONTENT: Already we've identified $2 trillion in deficit reductions over the next decade.
CONTENT: These are radical Islamic terrorists, and (Hillary Clinton) wont even mention the word.
CONTENT: The United States is not modernizing its nuclear weapons.
CONTENT: We're also cutting a Forest Service economic development program that strayed so far from any mission that it funded a music festival.
CONTENT: Existing law right now requires 700 miles of double-layered border fencing on the Mexico border.
Node: (17, 4)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Houston National Cemetery is preventing Christian prayers from being said at military funerals.
CONTENT: The Congressional Budget Office "estimates that only 15 percent of this stimulus package will be spent in 2009" and only 37 percent in 2010.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clinton has been in office and in government longer than anybody else running here tonight.
CONTENT: Independent groups behind ads attacking Democratic candidates are front groups for foreign-controlled companies.
CONTENT: Oil companies "haven't touched" 68 million acres where they already have rights to drill.
CONTENT: Says Ron Johnson is benefiting from several super PACs, I am not.
CONTENT: ISIS is right now crucifying Christians in Iraq, literally nailing Christians to trees.
CONTENT: The most recent survey of climate scientists said about 57 percent dont agree with the idea that 95 percent of the change in the climate is caused by CO2.
CONTENT: Recent data showed Nevada ranks 50th in the money received from the stimulus bill.
CONTENT: China is trying to develop nuclear capability.
CONTENT: The IRS is going to be in charge of a huge national database on health care that will include Americans personal, intimate, most close-to-the-vest-secrets.
CONTENT: Federal money for Medicaid expansion is guaranteed for a few years and then goes away.
CONTENT: The five Guantanamo detainees swapped for Bowe Bergdahl are right now back on the battlefield.
CONTENT: Prayer rugs have recently been found on the Texas side of the border in the brush.
CONTENT: Says State Comptroller Matthew Boxer pointed out that many towns are artificially lowering the real estate values that they report to Trenton in order to get hundreds of millions of dollars of additional school aid. This is the kind of fraud that needs to be addressed immediately.
Node: (17, 5)--------------------
CONTENT: Students today take more years to get through college.
CONTENT: House Republicans just passed a bill that makes it legal for single mothers to be fired by their employers.
CONTENT: There were more people at the Air and Space Museum than at a rally against the health care bills.
CONTENT: Says Bill White is refusing to debate.
CONTENT: The health care numbers are going up.
CONTENT: Pres. Obamas finance team is recommending a . . . 1% tax on all transactions at any financial institution.
CONTENT: Says President Barack Obama is sending a much larger (force) to deal with Ebola than ISIS is getting.
CONTENT: Says top Clinton advisers were pressing birther movement stories very hard.
CONTENT: China is practicing how to blow up our satellites.
CONTENT: AARP is endorsing the health care reform bill.
CONTENT: Republicans are trying to impeach our president.
CONTENT: Children are crossing the border because President Barack Obama said if you come, youre going to be able to stay, because were not going to enforce the law.
CONTENT: Says Gov. Rick Scotts approval ratings are up.
CONTENT: Says President Barack Obama is trying to pack the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals.
CONTENT: Says the Obama administration is handing out a pamphlet titled, What To Do When The Veteran In Your Classroom Attempts A Mass Shooting
CONTENT: On an early date for Floridas presidential primary
CONTENT: The administration was kicking and screaming all the way with these sanctions being put in place (on Iran).
CONTENT: Says President Barack Obamas finance team is recommending a 1% tax on all transactions at any financial institution.
Node: (17, 6)--------------------
CONTENT: Now, in the House of Representatives, we have 40 different jobs bills that have passed and almost all of them have been bipartisan.
CONTENT: I introduced a bill that wouldve helped stop the multimillion-dollar bonus packages that CEOs grab on their way out.. (McCain) opposed that idea.
CONTENT: The administration has issued rules for $1 abortions in ObamaCare and requires all persons enrolled in insurance plans that include elective abortion coverage to pay an abortion premium.
CONTENT: Says Texas legislators in 2011 increased state spending on education.
CONTENT: When George Bush took office, President Clinton, a Democrat, and the Democratic Congress at the time had left an annual budget that was in surplus.
CONTENT: The Obama White House is renaming Christmas trees "holiday trees."
CONTENT: In New England, Rhode Island has the second highest number of police officers being assaulted.
CONTENT: Of the states that have a lieutenant governor, many are currently discussing the need for such an obsolete office.
CONTENT: Every Republican Senate candidate has now announced whether or not they support the Senate taking up the Supreme Court vacancyexcept for Congressman Heck.
Node: (17, 7)--------------------
CONTENT: An Obama campaign tactic for rallying voters is to offer them cell phones.
CONTENT: Says that Sen. Sherrod Brown is out there egging on a lot of these protesters who are spitting on policemen and going to the bathroom on policemens cars at these protests on Wall Street and other places.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clinton shows up in Broward County and had a private meeting with elections supervisor Brenda Snipes.
CONTENT: Says a pro-Democratic ad is false for saying that he allowed two disgraced staffers in 2012 to resign.
CONTENT: A proposed San Antonio ordinance will allow men into womens restrooms in the city.
CONTENT: We had an agreement that the president could have signed that would have kept 10,000 troops in Iraq.
CONTENT: One Texas city has a law that says that women can only have six dildos.
CONTENT: Says Donald Trump and Marco Rubio opposed Cruzs efforts to defund Planned Parenthood.
CONTENT: The Obama Administration's own White House Council of Economic Advisers has estimated 4.7 million Americans will lose their jobs if the (health care) bill passes.
CONTENT: Says President Barack Obama has not proposed one thing that would change the fact that Warren Buffett pays a lower tax rate than his secretary.
CONTENT: A law was passed, apparently in the Clinton administration, about whether, in recruiting offices Marines or other military should be able to have guns. Apparently it is prohibited.
CONTENT: We know that President Obama stole over $500 billion out of Medicare to switch it over to Obamacare.
CONTENT: The man who was in charge of the investigation of Hillary Clinton accepted essentially from Hillary Clinton $675,000 that went to his wife.
CONTENT: While (Chris Christie) talks about job creation, we dont see jobs being created in this state.
CONTENT: Says David Rivera allowed House Republican leaders to strip key provisions from the STOCK Act that would crack down on insider trading by members of Congress.
CONTENT: Says a gun bill before the Senate is proposing the universal registration of all firearms and their owners.
CONTENT: Says that Tennessee Gov. Bill Haslam has made it clear by his repeated actions that he will pursue a policy that promotes the interest of Islamist (sic) and their radical ideology as long as he is governor.
Node: (17, 8)--------------------
CONTENT: Wisconsin employers have repeatedly said in surveys that our anti-business litigation climate is one of the most important factors affecting their expansion decisions.
CONTENT: My opponent promises to bring back old jobs by wishing away the global economy.
CONTENT: Says With nearly 75 percent of Americans supportive of the construction of the pipeline, Schrader needs to explain to Oregon families why he voted against this needed project.
CONTENT: (Jeff) Atwaters busy helping his friends and wasting our tax dollars -- $48 million for a government building so lavish its dubbed the Taj Mahal, $100,000 for a golf musuem, and $110 million to build a private prison to help a big contributor.
CONTENT: Says Jason Carter has gotten David Axelrod to come down and be his campaign advisor.
CONTENT: The non-profit groupFeeding America is lying when it claimsthat one in five kids is fighting starvation daily in the United States.
CONTENT: On Sandra Day O'Connor: "I think one reason she was a good judge is she had no judicial experience" before she joined the Supreme Court.
CONTENT: Former President George W. Bush and former Vice President Dick Cheney are unable to visit Europe due to outstanding warrants.
CONTENT: Says Obama is only president in history who has deliberately removed the words endowed by their Creator when referring to the Declaration of Independence.
CONTENT: Says Mark Begich has taken campaign cash from the Kochs while Dan Sullivan hasnt.
CONTENT: Says Marcy Kaptur has attacked his military service and training in the Air Force, showing disrespect for veterans.
CONTENT: On the president unilaterally authorizing a military attack that does not involve stopping an actual or imminent threat to the nation.
CONTENT: As President George W. Bushs trade representative, Portman failed to address Chinas currency manipulation, which was inflated to as much as 40 percent in 2006.
CONTENT: The governor must inform the Senate president about his or her absence from the state.
Node: (17, 9)--------------------
CONTENT: Rudy Giuliani is "probably the most underqualified man since George Bush to seek the presidency."
CONTENT: Barack Obama's plan calls for "mandates and fines for small businesses."
CONTENT: Says President Barack Obama is the first president weve ever had who thinks he can choose which laws to enforce and which laws to ignore.
CONTENT: In the primary election, a right-wing group spent more than $100,000,000 to support Supreme Court Justice Rebecca Bradley.
CONTENT: President Obama has spent over $2 million in legal fees defending lawsuits about his birth certificate.
CONTENT: Says Mike Dovilla supports a plan that could allow a foreign corporation to take over the Ohio Turnpike 
CONTENT: We are looking at 150,000 barrels (of oil) per day less next year, and 200,000 barrels per day less being able to be developed from the gulf the year after because of the moratorium on new drilling enacted by the Obama administration.
CONTENT: McCain's energy plan is a "single-answer proposition" new domestic oil drilling.
CONTENT: Says state Sen. Steve Ogden was the driving force behind business income tax hurting small business, crafted the Robin Hood school finance scheme making property taxes skyrocket, wrote a budget that will result in a $14 billion deficit and voted against gun freedoms.
CONTENT: In Galveston, Texas, they have allowed people to privatize part of their Social Security. And people are building wealth.
CONTENT: The Clintons now charge the Secret Service $10,000 monthly rent for the use of (a) Secret Service residence and that rent is just about equal to their mortgage payment.
CONTENT: A New York imam wants tohave a mosque at Ground Zero.
CONTENT: Mayor Fung wants to punish our childrens education by removing 12 million dollars from current funding to pay for his private charter school. Your taxes would increase by between 6 and 8 percent per year.
Node: (17, 10)--------------------
CONTENT: Under Obama, home values in Florida collapsed, construction jobs were lost and the state had a high foreclosure rate.
CONTENT: Milwaukee County taxpayers paid $370,000 to settle a lawsuit over a decision by Sheriff David A. Clarke Jr. to use untrained corrections officers rather than deputies to patrol the lakefront.
CONTENT: Rick Perry thinks injecting 11- and 12-year-old girls with a controversial drug (the HPV vaccine), without a parents consent, is a good idea.
CONTENT: Says Travis County Sheriff Greg Hamilton has accepted $42,000 from strip-club interests and $10,000 from local alcohol distributors.
CONTENT: Bernie Sanderss plan is to raise your taxes to 90 percent.
CONTENT: On calling Supreme Court nominee Sonia Sotomayor a racist.
CONTENT: Says Donald Trump is a guy who has called for privatization of the Veterans Administration.
CONTENT: On using Gov. Scott Walkers collective-bargaining limits to help balance the city of Milwaukee budget
CONTENT: John McCain "is one of the few senators of either party who oppose this bill (to expand education aid for veterans) because he thinks it's too generous."
CONTENT: West has raised $2 million from those that would leave our beaches in ruins, end Social Security and Medicare, and give corporations free reign.
CONTENT: Says Maggie Hassan pays zero property taxes on her $500,000 home.
CONTENT: Sherrod Brown opposed blocking a new EPA emissions rule, despite acknowledging that the EPAs cap-and-trade regulations are burdensome and could harm economic growth in Ohio.
CONTENT: The presidents proposed budget will help reduce the deficit by $400 billion over the next decade to the lowest level since Dwight Eisenhower was president.
Node: (17, 11)--------------------
CONTENT: Labor union president Andy Stern is the most frequent visitor at the White House.
CONTENT: Marco Rubio is a "Miami lobbyist."
CONTENT: Herman Cain is a pro-choice candidate.
CONTENT: Mitt Romney is the first Massachusetts politician to run for president and not win the New Hampshire primary in a generation.
CONTENT: Under a proposal by Rep. Paul Ryan, people on Medicare will only have $15,000 from the federal government to spend on their health care.
Node: (17, 12)--------------------
CONTENT: Gov. Maggie Hassans budget proposal raises taxes on small businesses and increases taxes and fees by $100 million.
CONTENT: Families in Del Valle, who are City of Austin residents, have to drive to Bastrop to go to the closest grocery store.
CONTENT: Earlier this year, [John DePetro] was accused of sexually assaulting a female co-worker.
CONTENT: In recent years, Rep. LaTourette has sponsored legislation that would increase spending by 551.6 percent.
CONTENT: The state-hired company that evaluates state-mandated student exams goes on Craigslist to get examiners to read our students essays.
CONTENT: The cheerleaders for the Dallas Cowboys have entertained more troops in the world than Bob Hope.
CONTENT: David Dewhurst is the first lieutenant governor in history to have a personal security detail.
CONTENT: Says property insurance rates are going up because Rick Scott signed a bill preventing the state from regulating insurance.
CONTENT: Mexican government officials hand out brochures showing individuals how they can avoid our Border Patrol, how they can get into our country.
CONTENT: The Senate Finance Committee approved a reform proposal that has both Democratic and Republican support.
CONTENT: This administration is slashing the Navy to pay for more Obamacare.
CONTENT: Candidate for governor Roy Barnes has been fighting hard to let illegal immigrants vote.
CONTENT: The federal health care law raises taxes and cuts Medicare.
Node: (17, 13)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Sen. Mark Begich is ineffective because he has only passed one bill, the naming of a building.
Node: (17, 16)--------------------
CONTENT: About 3 percent of murders and crimes are committed with guns from people who actually (legally) purchase those guns.
CONTENT: Report that #GOP insisting on changes to Social Security as part of #fiscalcliff false. BTW those changes are supported by @barackobama.
CONTENT: U.S. Embassy Celebrates Americas Independence on June 4th in Order to Accommodate Muslims.
CONTENT: On (Tom) Wolfs watch, taxes were high, killing 100,000 PA jobs.
Node: (17, 17)--------------------
CONTENT: Exposure to the electromagnetic fields from power lines has been associated with childhood leukemia and other diseases.
CONTENT: The Baucus health care bill "could be used to ban guns in home self-defense."
CONTENT: 90 percent of babies with Down syndrome are aborted.
CONTENT: 25 percent of all drug-related fatal vehicle accidents in the U.S. involve marijuana.
CONTENT: Minnesota is kicking butt relative to Wisconsin on everything from employment and job creation to school test scores, educated work force and a host of other factors and rankings
CONTENT: Says New Jerseys $1 billion horse racing industry employs 13,000 individuals and ensures the preservation of 176,000 acres of horse farmland.
CONTENT: State employees havent received a raise in five or six years.
CONTENT: Seventy-four percent of Rhode Islanders support [a] national popular vote [for president] because they, as I, believe in one person-one vote.
CONTENT: One of three patients hospitalized (is) harmed by the care they receive.
Node: (17, 18)--------------------
CONTENT: There is little if any evidence that the use of red light cameras in New Jersey has reduced the number or severity of accidents at the intersections where they are used.
CONTENT: Ohios Planned Parenthood operations received millions of taxpayer dollars via federal grants in 2010 and 2011.
CONTENT: There are 49 different federal job training programs that report to eight agencies.
CONTENT: Says 80 journalists have been killed in Mexico in the last decade.
CONTENT: Says state Senate leaders have accepted $142,400 in campaign contributions from dentists and pharmacists during the past two years.
CONTENT: In head-to-head polls for the general election, I beat Hillary Clinton by more than anybody, by 11 points.
CONTENT: Gun violence is by far the leading cause of death for young African American men, outstripping the next nine causes of death combined.
CONTENT: The Brady Campaign has given me a 100 percent, not 99, 100 percent rating.
CONTENT: Nearly 40 percent of his McAllen-area constituents suffer from obesity.
Node: (17, 19)--------------------
CONTENT: Only seven of 18 federal food assistance programs have been associated with positive health and nutrition outcomes, while the remaining 11 have not been effective.
CONTENT: Public education has been permanently cutby $1.6 billion through changes in the Standards of Quality funding formula.
CONTENT: Research performed by economists has shown no consistent, positive impact on jobs, income or tax revenues arising from stadiums or sports franchises.
CONTENT: In states that have private-sale background checks for handguns 49 percent fewer women are shot and killed.
CONTENT: Says 56 percentof (the U.S.-Mexico) border is not under our control.
CONTENT: 200,000 students attempt suicide every year on college campuses.
CONTENT: None of the polls being conducted right now have us on the top line. None of them. Its always Trump and Clinton and then second question, third question. ... If we were included in the top line, as Johnson/Trump/Clinton, wed be at 20 percent.
CONTENT: We sell 40 percent of our guns without a background check.
Node: (17, 20)--------------------
CONTENT: Says 99 percent of the time police officers arent charged when they kill young people of color.
CONTENT: Polling shows that nearly 74 percent of National Rifle Association members support requiring background checks for all gun sales.
CONTENT: Fifty years ago, the average GM employee could pay for a year of a son or daughters college tuition on just two weeks wages.
CONTENT: Says76 percent of all voters in the United States say they want Johnson-Weld, by name, in the presidential debates.
CONTENT: You see 34 people (are) murdered every single day by gunfire in America.
CONTENT: In New Hampshire, 93 percent of Democrats, 79 percent of Republicans, 82 percent of gun owners and 60 percent of NRA households support background checks.
CONTENT: 97 percent of the work that Planned Parenthood does is about mammograms and preventative health.
Node: (17, 21)--------------------
CONTENT: Says close to 90 percent of the population growth in Texas over the last decade was non-Anglo.
CONTENT: On a single-payer healthcare system
CONTENT: The vast majority of people in this country are keeping their (health insurance) plan.
CONTENT: Here are the stats: Per population, we kill each other with guns at a rate 297x more than Japan, 49x more than France, 33x more than Israel.
CONTENT: The latest Quinnipiac poll found that nearly six-in-ten Americans oppose ObamaCare -- 30% support the law and 57% oppose it.
CONTENT: 70 percent of the people who voted on June 5, 2012, just didnt feel comfortable with the recall of the governor, weakening any idea that Wisconsin is fully behind this Walker agenda.
CONTENT: At the 50 Milwaukee schools serving at least 80% African-American and at least 80% low income students, the reading proficiency is 8%.
CONTENT: If you have a job in this country, (theres a) 97 percent chance that youre not going to be in poverty.
CONTENT: According to the U.S. Census Bureau, 71.2 percent of Hispanic registered voters in Texas and over 86 percent of African American registered voters participated in the 2012 elections.
CONTENT: The United States has an immigration system where only 6.5 percent of people who come here, come here based on labor and skill.
CONTENT: The vast majority of minimum wage workers get a raise within a year.
CONTENT: Its estimated we leave somewhere north of $350 billion a year - thats billion - a year on the table uncollected because IRS doesnt have the resources.
CONTENT: Undocumented workers crossing the border right now is at a 12-year low.
CONTENT: An overwhelming majority of Americans support passage of the DREAM Act, which would provide a path to citizenship for undocumented youth willing to work for a college degree or serve in our armed forces.
CONTENT: Of the 25 wealthiest nations, were the only one that doesnt provide basic health coverage.
CONTENT: Seventy-five percent of the young adults in this country are not mentally or physically fit to serve.
CONTENT: Forty percent of the undocumented workers in this country entered the U.S. legally and overstayed their visa.
CONTENT: Most of the black scientists in this country dont come from schools like the University of Texas. They come from lesser schools.
CONTENT: Three years after getting the $100 million (from Mark Zuckerberg), less than two-thirds of students in Cory Bookers Newark graduate.
CONTENT: Nearly 65 percent -- almost two-thirds -- of all new permanent residents obtained that status by virtue of their family status.
Node: (17, 22)--------------------
CONTENT: Transgender individuals in the U.S. have a 1-in-12 chance of being murdered.
CONTENT: If you actually took the number of Muslims [sic] Americans, we'd be one of the largest Muslim countries in the world.
CONTENT: Of the approximately 6 million disenfranchised felons in the United States, one-quarter are Floridians.
CONTENT: Every American now is $51,000 in debt. Thats money I owe, thats money my children owe before they even go to kindergarten, thats their check to the federal government right now.
CONTENT: In the mid 1990s, in our state, (Florida was) No. 1 in violent crime in America. ... The only concern I had was for the citizens of Florida, who were subjected to a violent crime every three minutes and 45 seconds.
CONTENT: Over half of the foreign-born population in Rhode Island is white.
CONTENT: Eighty percent of those who have applied for licenses have no cancer, no Parkinsons disease or glaucoma. They have nothing you would associate [with] the use of medical marijuana.
CONTENT: 28 percent of Kentuckians dont have any online access.
CONTENT: One-third of all bank tellers (are) on public assistance.
CONTENT: Theres only three countries in the entire world wheretheres no paid vacation by law, we happen to be one of them.
CONTENT: Its estimated that 40 percent of all the guns that are sold in the United States occur with no background records check.
CONTENT: Undocumented immigrants pay $12 billion of taxes every single year.
CONTENT: For every dollar we put in unemployment, it pays back about $1.60.
CONTENT: Says 55 percent of council members have come from area where only 10 percent of Austinites live.
Node: (17, 23)--------------------
CONTENT: One percent of the American people make over 21 percent of all the income in America. That wasnt the way before George Bush became president.
CONTENT: One in 19 Americans today get SSDI or SSI. Thats one in 19 Americans (who) are disabled.
CONTENT: 70,000 three-year-olds and four-year-olds across America will lose access to the preschool Head Start program. ... 2,000 in the state of Florida alone.
CONTENT: Forty percent of the country is going to be in states that are tolerant of gay marriage or at least civil unions.
CONTENT: 47 percent of Americanscant pay for an unexpected $400 expense through savings or credit cards, without selling something or borrowing money.
CONTENT: A million people could get health insurance right away if Texas expanded Medicaid under Obamacare.
CONTENT: Thirty-four percent of Hispanics don't have any health care at all, don't have any health insurance.
CONTENT: In 2010, uninsured voters made up about 5 percent of the electorate.
CONTENT: Just 9 percent of Muslims in Pakistan viewISIS favorably. Unfortunately, that 9 percent is 16 million people. And thats just one country.
CONTENT: More than 60 percent of people in America support Planned Parenthood and only 11 percent approve of Congress.
CONTENT: When the Affordable Care Act was signed, 17 million American children had a pre-existing condition and were uninsurable.
CONTENT: Over 20 percent of the electorate is Hispanic in Florida.
CONTENT: Nearly half of Hispanic voters in Arizona's last election supported four measures that were "very tough on illegal immigration."
Node: (17, 24)--------------------
CONTENT: (Mexican immigrants) are more law-abiding than U.S. citizens and that is a statistic.
CONTENT: A lot of people don't know that 50,000 Americans now make their living off eBay.
CONTENT: A majority of the American people opposed the health care law when it was signed and still oppose it today.
CONTENT: If Obamacare is fully implemented, 30 million people will still be without health insurance.
CONTENT: Forty percent of illegal immigrants are people coming legally on visas and overstaying their visas.
CONTENT: Says the majority of Americans support gay marriage.
CONTENT: Many uninsured Americans are young.
CONTENT: Most Americans live within 50 miles of a nuclear power plant.
CONTENT: For what we spend in just one week in Iraq, 800,000 children could get health insurance for an entire year.
CONTENT: Thirty percent of [Sheldon Whitehouse campaign] money is coming from special interests.
Node: (17, 25)--------------------
CONTENT: We are younger than our competitors, and this is entirely because of immigration.
CONTENT: Up to 45 percent of illegal immigrants are not people that physically crossed the southern border or northern border. They are visa overstayers.
CONTENT: A family of four can make up to $88,000 a year and still get a subsidy for health insurance under the new federal health care law.
CONTENT: Americanschools are more segregated than they were in the 1960s.
CONTENT: Washing your hands and covering your mouth when you cough makes a huge difference in reducing transmission of the flu.
CONTENT: Says half the Americans dont pay any income taxes.
CONTENT: A private school tax break in the Wisconsin state budget is the most generous in the nation.
CONTENT: A clear majority of Americans support removing the cost-sharing requirement for prescription contraceptive coverage.
CONTENT: Says if Congress doesnt avoid the sequester, tens of thousands of parents will have to scramble to find child care for their kids.
CONTENT: Over 97 percent of the scientific community believe that humans are contributing to climate change.
CONTENT: Twenty million Americans are out of work.
CONTENT: Says because of his actions, Wisconsin property taxes today are lower than they were four years ago.
CONTENT: Close to half of the folks in this country illegally entered legally (but) overstayed (their ) visas.
CONTENT: Twenty million Americans are out of work.
CONTENT: In the African-American community today, 68 percent of kids born are born out of wedlock.
CONTENT: Nearly 180,000 illegal immigrants with criminal records, ordered deported from our country, are tonight roaming free to threaten peaceful citizens.
Node: (17, 26)--------------------
CONTENT: In Miami-Dade County, we spend at our school system over $20 million every year educating recent immigrants.
CONTENT: Crime is down in Arizona.
CONTENT: Says that Wall Street hedge fund managers pay a lower tax rate than does a sheet metal worker in Parma or a school teacher in Cleveland.
CONTENT: I remain one of the poorer members of the United States Senate.
CONTENT: On immigration, what reports say President Barack Obama plans to do is roughly on the same scale as what President George H.W. Bush did.
CONTENT: Illegal immigration is lower than its been in 40 years.
CONTENT: We are one of the most expensive [bus] rides in New England.
CONTENT: When I was mayor of New York City, I encouraged adoptions. Adoptions went up 65-70 percent. Abortions went down 16 percent.
CONTENT: The actual deportations from the interior of the country are way down under President Obama.
CONTENT: DUI arrests dropped significantly in Tampa once Uber began operating here.
CONTENT: Says Alex Sink supported more taxes on water and TV.
CONTENT: Says New Jerseys prison system is 61 percent African-American even though our state is just 13 percent black.
CONTENT: There are 500 registered Republicans moving to Texas every day.
CONTENT: A record number of immigrants not from Mexico are being apprehended at the border.
CONTENT: A part-time Congress with half the pay would still make $38,000 a year more than the average American family.
Node: (17, 27)--------------------
CONTENT: While our people work longer hours for lower wages, almost all new income goes to the top 1 percent.
CONTENT: If Wisconsins governor cuts perquisites as much as he plans to do, it would still leave (workers) better off than their private sector counterparts.
CONTENT: Electric car sales in Georgia have dropped dramatically since a $5,000 tax credit was eliminated and a $200 annual registration fee was imposed July 1.
CONTENT: Says $15-an-hourproposal in Cleveland is the most aggressive minimum wage increase in the country.
CONTENT: There was no surge in 501(c)(4) applications in 2010.
CONTENT: More people are apprehended after illegally crossing the U.S.-Mexico border a week than are born in Texas each week.
CONTENT: All Aboard Florida is receiving millions in Florida taxpayer dollars.
CONTENT: A 50-50 public-private split for paying for a new Milwaukee Bucks arena would be much better -- in terms of the portion of the public financing -- than most of the other arena projects done around the country.
CONTENT: $500 billion of the extension of the Bush tax cuts for the wealthy goes to 120,000 families.
CONTENT: Taxpayers pay for roughly 45 percent of all births in Wisconsin! And 60 percent of the births in Milwaukee!!!
CONTENT: A $5-a-night hotel/motel tax thats part of the transportation bill will hurt Georgias convention business by adding extra costs for large groups coming to the state.
CONTENT: Private prisons do not chase escaped inmates past the perimeter like the public prisons do, which means more escaped prisoners in our communities.
CONTENT: Due to Obamacare, Arkansas has covered almost 14 percent of its uninsured already.
CONTENT: Colorado raked in $60 million in marijuana taxes and licensing fees in the past year.
Node: (17, 28)--------------------
CONTENT: Because of Jim Whelan, the 1990s are the only decade since the 1920s when the population of Atlantic City actually went up.
CONTENT: After the shootings of Dallas policemen, nearly 500 people applied in just 12 days.
Node: (17, 29)--------------------
CONTENT: We built a new prison every 10 days between 1990 and 2005 to keep up with our mass incarceration explosion of nonviolent offenders.
CONTENT: Starting in December 2007, 1.4 million jobs were created in Texas. In that same period, the rest of the country lost 400,000 jobs.
CONTENT: Since last years address, more than 10,000 jobs created -- many on the high end of the employment scale.
CONTENT: A DeKalb sewer project will create up to 4,000 direct jobs per year at peak production, many of which will be set aside exclusively for DeKalb residents.
CONTENT: Newark is now home to one-third of all commercial and multi-family development.
CONTENT: Says the private sector in Texas created 1 million jobs over the past decade.
CONTENT: This year, we have added an average of 200,000 jobs per month, a majority in the private sector, a stark contrast to the Bush Administration record of losing an average of nearly 750,000 jobs per month in its last three months.
CONTENT: Every day in the United States, we are losing 15 factories.
CONTENT: Repealing the sales tax on boats in Rhode Island has spawned 2,000 companies, 7,000 jobs and close to $2 billion a year in sales activity.
CONTENT: Since I took office, over 319,000 new private sector jobs have been created in Georgia with nearly 93,000 of those coming in the past 12 months.
CONTENT: One thousand people a day are moving to Texas, which means there will be 15 million more people over the next 25 years.
CONTENT: When Roy Barnes was governor, "Georgia created 235,000 jobs."
CONTENT: In the past year, Floridians, not government, created almost 135,000 new private sector jobs. We netted more than 120,000 total jobs in the first 11 months of 2011; the third most of any state in the nation.
CONTENT: One international flight a day in a wide-bodied jet ... one flight daily generates $150 million a year and approximately 2,300 jobs.
CONTENT: In Wisconsin, Gov. Scott Walker has created a manufacturing-led jobs recovery. 30,000 new jobs were created this year, with 15,000 created in the struggling manufacturing sector.
CONTENT: Says New Jersey has gained 143,000 new private-sector jobs.
CONTENT: In the three months before the act took effect, America lost 750,000 jobs a month. In the last three months, we've lost about 35,000 jobs a month.
CONTENT: Says her actions as Wisconsin commerce secretary brought the state 84,000 more Wisconsin jobs than we have today.
CONTENT: We created as many jobs in the first six months of this year as we did in all of 2011 and 2011 was the best single year for private-sector job growth since the year 2000.
CONTENT: Most private sector jobs in the history of Buffalo exist in Buffalo today
CONTENT: Our economy is so much stronger than when (Barack Obama and Joe Biden) took office. Nearly 15 million new private-sector jobs.
CONTENT: The economy added more jobs during four years under Obama than it did in the entire eight years under George W. Bush.
CONTENT: When you look at what we have done over the last decade, we created 1 million jobs in the state of Texas. At the same time, (the rest of) America lost 2.5 million.
CONTENT: In May we generated more jobs than all the rest of the country combined: 28,000 jobs in May for the state, 54,000 for the entire country.
CONTENT: Nearly 40,000 new jobs have been created in the last year due to the new wells . . . right here in Ohio.
CONTENT: Weve created more than 850,000 jobs, more than all the other states combined.
CONTENT: In the latest jobs numbers Wisconsin ranked third in the Midwest.
CONTENT: In 2008, tourism brought in $38 billion dollars and supported more than 300,000 jobs in the state of New Jersey.
CONTENT: Since December 2010 Florida has created 540,000 new jobs.
CONTENT: Says weve accomplished balancing two budgets without raising taxes. Weve now created 60,000 new private-sector jobs. Weve made government smaller.
CONTENT: If our recovery were more typical of the postwar era . . . we would have 14 million more jobs today.
CONTENT: Gov. Bob McDonnell in 2010 did not even create enough jobs to keep pace with population growth in Virginia.
CONTENT: Oregon House Republicans jobs plan could generate more than 50,000 jobs over five years.
CONTENT: Weve been able to create about 60,000 net new jobs in Virginia since February.
Node: (18, 0)--------------------
CONTENT: Obamacare will provide insurance to all non-U.S. residents, even if they are here illegally.
CONTENT: The Atlanta streetcar is expected to create 930 jobs during construction, totaling more than 5,600 jobs over the next 20 years.
CONTENT: Obama's budget plan would take national debt up to about 80 percent of gross national product. ... Historically, it's been about 40 percent.
CONTENT: A three-cents-per-ounce soda tax in Philadelphia would result in the loss of 2,000 family-sustaining Teamster Union jobs and countless other jobs in the beverage industry.
CONTENT: On the way the federal government should spend Floridas rejected high-speed rail money.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clintons plan would tax many small businesses by almost 50 percent.
CONTENT: Under the Baucus bill ... federal funds would subsidize coverage of elective abortions.
CONTENT: Obama would "experiment with socialism."
CONTENT: The Keystone oil pipeline would employ 20,000 people in the United States.
CONTENT: The Iran Deal will facilitate and accelerate the nation of Iran acquiring nuclear weapons.
CONTENT: Expanding Medicaid will worsen health care options for the most vulnerable among us in Texas.
CONTENT: The Obama administrations cap-and-trade plan would create a $1,761 yearly energy tax.
CONTENT: President Obamas health-care law will add trillions of dollars in debt.
CONTENT: Health proposal would create a "40% tax on health care benefits of middle-class workers."
CONTENT: A public option for health care would end private insurance because the private insurance people will not be able to compete with a government option.
CONTENT: For the amount of money Hillary Clinton would like to spend on refugees, we could rebuild every inner city in America.
CONTENT: Obamas stimulus, passed in his first month in office, will cost more than the entire Iraq War.
CONTENT: The DREAM Act the would give amnesty to over two million illegal aliens.
CONTENT: Says the Obama administration plans to ban all weapons for U.S. citizens through international treaties.
CONTENT: The sales tax increase, if approved, will cost taxpayers up to $300 million per year, in perpetuity, to finance a rail system for the City of Tampa.
CONTENT: If we went back to the obesity rates that existed back in the 1980s, the Medicare system over several years could save as much as a trillion dollars.
CONTENT: Proposed immigration legislation would give new immigrants a taxpayer-funded cellular phone.
CONTENT: Funding the federal health care law without a tax hike will require the state to cut nearly a quarter of its annual budget.
CONTENT: Subsidies for oil and gas companies make up 88 percent of all federal subsidies. Just cutting the oil and gas subsidies out would save the U.S. government $45 billion every year.
CONTENT: The Obama administration will give Pennsylvania $160 million to pay for health insurance plans that cover any legal abortion.
CONTENT: The Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act is the largest-ever investment in higher education.
Node: (18, 1)--------------------
CONTENT: A Texas law will repatriate $1 billion of gold bullion from the Federal Reserve in New York to Texas.
CONTENT: The (economic stimulus) legislation could open billions of taxpayer dollars to left-wing groups like the Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now (ACORN).
CONTENT: Rubio's tax swap proposal "would have been a massive tax increase."
CONTENT: Margaret Sanger wanted a black Christian leader to be like a Judas goat and lead the blacks to genocide. Remember that? And they picked Martin Luther King as their spokesman.
CONTENT: New energy standards will take away our freedom of choice and selection in the light bulbs we have in our homes.
CONTENT: A proposed U.S. Labor Department rule for children working on farms would even ban youth from operating a battery-powered screwdriver or a pressurized garden hose.
CONTENT: George Allens flat tax plan would actually shrink revenues further thanthe Perry (flat tax) plan.
CONTENT: This is the slowest job recovery since Hoover.
CONTENT: The health care reform bill is the largest tax increase in U.S. history.
CONTENT: The Obama administration spent $205,075 in stimulus funds to relocate a shrub that sells for $16.
CONTENT: This race will be the Democrats top target this November.
Node: (18, 2)--------------------
CONTENT: If Rhode Island does a hybrid [retirement] plan well be the first state in the nation to do this.
CONTENT: We have billions in surplus.
CONTENT: Wisconsin is not walking away from a dime in federal funds by rejecting the Obamacare Medicaid expansion.
CONTENT: Democrats are poised now to cause this largest tax increase in U.S. history.
CONTENT: Gas prices have doubled because Obama opposed exploring for energy in Alaska. He gave millions of tax dollars to Solyndra, which then went bankrupt. And he blocked the Keystone pipeline. So we will all pay more at the pump.
CONTENT: Since 1965, the United States has spent untold trillions yet the poverty rate hasnt budged.
CONTENT: Says large majority of Republicans believe Obama is a Muslim and not U.S.-born.
CONTENT: In the 100 days since its passage, the economic stimulus has "saved or created nearly 150,000 jobs."
CONTENT: We are taking Virginias investment in public education to the highest level in the commonwealths history.
CONTENT: Trumps Health Secretary Pick Wants a Medicare Phaseout by Summer 2017.
CONTENT: Rhode Island is leading our nation in foreclosures.
CONTENT: 50 percentof murders in Texas have been linked to illegal aliens.
CONTENT: Says the Koch brothers want to protect tax cuts for companies that ship our jobs overseas.
CONTENT: We have more natural gas than Saudi Arabia has oil.
CONTENT: The Democrats have already voted to ban our conventional light bulbs ... in favor of dangerous fluorescent light bulbs.
CONTENT: Phoenix is already one of the kidnapping capitals of the world.
Node: (18, 3)--------------------
CONTENT: The CBO, the Congressional Budget Office has said that Obamacare will kill 800,000 jobs.
CONTENT: Says many states are floundering under crushing deficit spending.
CONTENT: The left is blatantly attempting to disrupt Georgias elections.
CONTENT: According to The Book of Revelations the anti-christ ... will be a man, in his 40s, of MUSLIM descent ... is it OBAMA??
CONTENT: Ive been a cop in Lake County, Michigan, since 1982 thereabout. I conduct federal raids with the DEA and ATF and U.S. Marshals and the FBI and Texas Rangers.
CONTENT: The Muslim Brotherhood has openly stated they want to declare war on Israel.
CONTENT: Says Iraq has been overrun by ISIS because Hillary Clinton failed to renegotiate . . . a status of forces agreement.
CONTENT: Says There are now Occupy Wall Street camps in hundreds of cities across the United States.
CONTENT: If you have an investment for your child's education or own a mutual fund or a stock in a retirement plan, (Obama) is going to raise your taxes.
Node: (18, 4)--------------------
CONTENT: We have more illegal immigrants here than we did five years ago.
CONTENT: [The] ACLU and atheists in Denver are demanding the NFL stop [Tim Tebow] from praying on the sidelines.
CONTENT: Every major newspaper in Texas calls David Dewhurst a moderate.
CONTENT: While others place their hands over their hearts, Obama turns his back to the flag and slouches.
CONTENT: Says city leadership is threatening to lay off police and emergency services personnel to balance the budget.
CONTENT: Milwaukee County has a parks capital budget thats bigger than its been in the last 10 years.
CONTENT: Obama keeps talking about getting rid of all nuclear weapons. Hes already significantly reduced our capabilities there.
CONTENT: The last Christians are about to leave Iraq.
CONTENT: North Dakotas economy is reeling.
CONTENT: President Barack Obama is ending Medicare as we know it.
CONTENT: Road construction bids are coming in at the lowest in the modern era.
CONTENT: In recent years, menhaden numbers along our coast have plummeted by 90 percent.
Node: (18, 5)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Ocean Spray is moving its Bordentown processing facility to Pennsylvania largely because of costs associated with the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative.
CONTENT: Says the Texas State Board of Education is considering eliminating references to Christmas and the Constitution in textbooks.
CONTENT: More businesses are closing than opening in Virginia today.
CONTENT: Except for Virginia, the other 49 states keep raising their gas tax.
CONTENT: Says Barack Obama is getting his nominees confirmed faster than President (George W.) Bush was at the same time in his second term.
CONTENT: ISIS is making millions of dollars a week selling Libyan oil.
CONTENT: Medicare premium support backed by Republican vice presidential candidate Paul Ryan is not vouchers.
CONTENT: Even the employees union for the IRS -- the very people in charge of enforcing this law -- are begging to be let out from under this law.
CONTENT: President Obamas refusal to grant permits for offshore drilling is one reason gasoline prices are soaring.
CONTENT: Says Democratic recall opponent Tom Barrett is campaigning on lifting property tax limits.
CONTENT: Obamacare is going to increase the divorce rate.
CONTENT: U.S. troops are getting only 4 hours of Ebola training before deployment to Liberia.
CONTENT: In K-12 education, our kids are scoring at the bottom of science and mathematics right now in the industrialized world -- at the bottom.
CONTENT: Politicians and their corporate lobbyists are trying to take away my right to spend my paycheck how I want.
CONTENT: Already, the mayor of Green Bay is having ribbon-cutting after ribbon-cutting for economic development around the new VA center.
CONTENT: Every month, we get the reports from the Bureau of Labor Statistics that say even more people have given up looking for work.
CONTENT: Amid the crisis at our southern border, there are reports of illegal migrants carrying deadly diseases such as Ebola virus.
CONTENT: Federal employees are making twice as much as their private counterparts.
Node: (18, 6)--------------------
CONTENT: Says President Barack Obama has opened up no new trade relationships with other nations.
CONTENT: The fact that one town has three lanes dedicated to it, that kind of gets me sauced.
CONTENT: When he took office in 2009, President Barack Obama had the biggest Democratic majorities in Congress since Lyndon Johnson.
CONTENT: Dozens of artists, including Justin Timberlake, Jay Z and Rihanna, are canceling Florida shows like Stevie Wonder in protest of stand your ground.
CONTENT: Law enforcement in the state of Arizona supports the state's new immigration law.
CONTENT: Oregon is spending $10 million advertising Obamacare with ads that dont even mention the program and how to enroll in it and that dont mention the word insurance.
CONTENT: Says president is spending $2.2 billion to give away ObamaPhones.
CONTENT: Florida's new fingerprint identification system is improving our rate of solving cold cases by 300 percent.
CONTENT: We have a guy who is going to be speaker of the House in four years, and his name has been on the ballot one time.
CONTENT: Donald Trump is appealing as much to Democrats as he is to Republicans.
CONTENT: Obama has been sending taxpayer dollars, at least $350,000 to fund anti-Likud, anti-Netanyahu groups in Israelfor (the) election.
CONTENT: Milwaukee police and firefighters are routinely getting 4 percent raises annually while everybody else is either getting zero or one percent raises.
CONTENT: The Senate immigration bill is filled with things like rewards for au pair agencies, Alaskan seafood processors and Vegas casinos.
CONTENT: The Obama administration is proposing to mine another 10 billion tons of Wyoming coal, which would unleash three times more carbon pollution than Obamas Clean Power Plan would even save through 2030.
CONTENT: A (state) trooper with 10 years on the force is getting $500 a year more than a trooper with 10 minutes on the force.
CONTENT: Says Missouri Democratic Senate candidateJason Kander is attending fancy dinners all over the country.
Node: (18, 7)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling is a Democrat.
CONTENT: Says nobody in higher education believes Gov. Rick Perrys proposal to serve up $10,000 college degrees is possible.
CONTENT: In the New York 9th District, there is a large number of people who went to the polls tonight who didnt support the president to begin with and dont support Democrats -- and its nothing more than that.
CONTENT: Says Texas has been waiting for two years for the federal government to act on a proposal to allow the state to "create insurance opportunities for those that are uninsured today."
CONTENT: One of the most troubling aspects of the Rubio-Schumer Gang of Eight bill was that it gave President Obama blanket authority to admit refugees, including Syrian refugees, without mandating any background checks whatsoever.
CONTENT: Multnomah Countys food action plan clearly plans to disrupt the free market system in terms of food choices making it harder and more expensive for many residents to eat their food of choice.
CONTENT: Anybody who is familiar with the historical data from the IRS knows that raising income tax rates will likely actually reduce federal revenues.
CONTENT: A recent Department of Labor study guessed Wall Street fees cost a worker 28 percent of the value of your plan over the span of your career.
CONTENT: Says Gov. Chris Christie has embarked on a tour to demand that New Jerseys Democratic legislature approve an immediate tax cut that would disproportionately benefit the wealthiest.
CONTENT: We now know these firms areunwilling to put up any private money, for Californias high-speed rail project.
CONTENT: In Wisconsin, more than 300,000 people have some kind of addictive gambling problem, whether its pathological or what wed categorize as a problem gambler.
Node: (18, 8)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Gov. Rick Perry has been begging for the federal government to send the Coast Guard to patrol two lakes on the U.S.-Mexico border.
CONTENT: This administration and this Congress have been systematically cutting funding to border security since the Democrats took control.
CONTENT: Scott Walker has a plan to privatize state lands and wants to sell our deer to the highest bidder.
CONTENT: Governor Christie also remains the only Governor since World War II, among both Democrats and Republicans, who failed to have his party win control of at least one legislative body over the course of his term.
CONTENT: Oklahomas Republican Gov. Mary Fallin signed a new law which makes you pay a special fee. It will essentially fine people for the crime of using solar power.
CONTENT: U.S. Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz has blamed the Republicans for the creation of Hamas.
CONTENT: Gov. Nathan Deal has taken at least $15,600 from the (Koch brothers), their businesses, and their employees.
CONTENT: Documents released by Edward Snowden reveal that American, Britishand Israeli intelligence agencies worked together to create the Islamic State.
CONTENT: Todd Staples recently tried to woo his supporters and right-wing base by suggesting the Agriculture Commission cut programs intended to feed the elderly and disabled, many of whom are veterans.
CONTENT: Says the mayors job is to make sure that if somebody is trying to build a set of water treatment plants to cure us from cryptosporidium we dont have, we dont say yes even if CH2M Hill wants us to.
CONTENT: Says New Jerseys tenure law has now been reformed to say that if teachers get two years of partially effective or ineffective ratings they lose tenure.
CONTENT: Every major study that has been done by a legitimate group ...shows that there are hundreds of thousands of jobs to be created if you pass our (cap-and-trade) legislation. And if you wind up pricing carbon.
CONTENT: Says Attorney General Eric Holder recently revealed this idea to have government have gun owners wear special bracelets that would identify you as a gun owner.
CONTENT: President Barack Obama has now spent three years proving that he kills jobs in energy, he kills jobs in manufacturing.
CONTENT: On my last trip to New Hampshire, I think I met the guy who founded the first and only bank since Dodd-Frank passed, since the financial crisis. One bank in the country.
CONTENT: Once again, a police officer has been killed with an illegal gun from Georgia a state that last year did the NRAs bidding and weakened its already lax gun laws.
CONTENT: Says Washingtons reach extends to even telling us what kind of light bulb we can use.
CONTENT: The Congressional Budget Office -- supposedly non-partisan -- estimates that in just a few years the average cost to every family of four (from cap and trade) will be $6,800 per year.
CONTENT: [Georgia] Republicans have mismanaged unemployment benefits.
CONTENT: Says Ted Cruz just flip-flopped about the president needing to be U.S.-born.
Node: (18, 9)--------------------
CONTENT: SaysMichael Bennet wants to close Guantanamo Bay prisonand bring terrorists right here to Colorado.
CONTENT: One of the key things about Leonard Lance is that in 2008, when you look at [the] Project Vote Smart website, he was not for guns. Now he has gone too far to the right, saying that you can carry concealed weapons in national parks.
CONTENT: The only candidate pocketing big money from people who want to destroy coal is Mitch McConnell.
CONTENT: Says he got lobbied by a woman with late-stage cancer about vaccinating Texas girls against a virus that can cause cervical cancer.
CONTENT: The Obama administration was actively supporting Al Qaeda in Iraq, the terrorist group that became the Islamic State.
CONTENT: As the Democrats finally maxed out their government spending credit card Monday, Kurt Schrader continued to stand with his party leaders in failing to offer any viable long-term solution.
CONTENT: Says a voter-adopted constitutional amendment instructed a state board headed by Jerry Patterson to put $300 million in investment earnings into a fund supporting public school operations.
CONTENT: And while (Ted) Strickland proposed cuts for services for children, he wasted over $250,000 remodeling his bathrooms at the governors mansion.
CONTENT: An 11-year-old girl was investigated by the FBI and had to pay a $500 federal criminal fine because she found an injured woodpecker and put it in a cage to make sure that the bird was OK.
CONTENT: Russ Feingold got a memo in 2009 that outlined veteran harm at a Wisconsin VA facility and nothing was done.
CONTENT: The Obama administration "has been constrained by the Oil Pollution Act of 1990, which basically gives the responsible party the lead role in trying to not only fix the problem, but contain the problem."
CONTENT: Pope Francis uses a modest compact car to get around, while Creflo Dollar drives an expensive sports car.
CONTENT: Says Rand Paul thinks drug-dealing, theft, burglary and prostitution should be decriminalized.
CONTENT: David Dewhurst has never once cut one penny from the state budget.
CONTENT: According to HUD, it is patently unfair and socially unjust that wealthy people can live in an exclusive neighborhood.
CONTENT: Rob Portmans plan to tax, slash and privatize Social Security would devastate Ohioans.
CONTENT: Paul Ryan is one of less than a dozen Republican congressmen to have voted for every bailout to come before Congress.
CONTENT: Under Barack Obamas watch, we have expended $805 billion to liberate the people of Iraq and, more importantly, 4,400 American lives.
Node: (18, 10)--------------------
CONTENT: Ted Cruz helps run two national organizations that have been leading the push to give amnesty to illegal immigrants.
CONTENT: Barack (Obama) has one of his biggest supporters in terms of funding, the Exelon Corporation, which has spent millions of dollars trying to make Yucca Mountain the waste depository.
CONTENT: Vows to keep Georgias race for governor civil and focused on the positive.
CONTENT: Idaho Republican Rep. Mike Simpson is a liberal who voted with Nancy Pelosi to fund sex study programs of San Francisco prostitutes and to regulate the sale of firearms.
CONTENT: As Dane County executive, Kathleen Falk raised property taxes by millions of dollars every year and approved the second highest increase in the state in 2010.
CONTENT: After taking hundreds of thousands of dollars from Goldman Sachs and other Wall Street banks, (Debbie Wasserman Schultz) has voted to prevent the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau from regulating payday loans and addressing racial discrimination in car loans.
CONTENT: Paul Ryan is one of only six House Republicans who voted for Teddy Kennedys bill to force Christian employers to hire LGBT employees.
CONTENT: In fighting collective bargaining changes, Democrats are trying to protect a system that pays unionized government workers 42 percent more than non-union workers.
Node: (18, 11)--------------------
CONTENT: (U.S. Reps.) Paul Ryan, Sean Duffy and Reid Ribble are shutting down town hall meetings, or making their constituents pay to attend them.
CONTENT: Wendy Davis is the most popular politician in Texas.
CONTENT: In the 1970s, the swine flu broke out . . . under another Democrat, President Jimmy Carter.
CONTENT: Justin Amash is rated Michigans No. 1 conservative by National Right to Life.
CONTENT: The Democrats' health care bill "gives a new Health Choices Commissioner the right to look at an individual's tax return to determine what medical benefits or subsidies that person qualifies for."
CONTENT: Girl Scouts USAs curriculum promotes Margaret Sanger, founder of Planned Parenthood, Betty Friedan, founder of NARAL Prochoice, and other pro-abortion women as icons for our children to emulate.
CONTENT: On the question on the DREAM Act, no -- no to granting lower tuition to illegals.
Node: (18, 12)--------------------
CONTENT: Says that in a hearing, Rep. Gabrielle Giffords suggested to Gen. David Petraeus that the Army put more emphasis on less environmentally damaging methods, like stabbing or clubbing enemy forces in order to minimize the carbon output.
CONTENT: In the class of 1968 at Patrice Lumumba University in Moscow, Mahmoud Abbas was one of the members of that class, and so was Ali Khamenei. And thats where they first established relationships with the young Vladimir Putin.
CONTENT: Says Congressman Bill Pascrell voted to remove the public option from the Affordable Health Care Act.
CONTENT: Says Scott Walker brags a lot about having an independent agency investigate police shootings. Of course, he didnt fund it.
CONTENT: The National Rifle Association was founded by religious leaders who wanted to protect freed slaves from the Ku Klux Klan.
CONTENT: Senate Democrats have never held up a Supreme Court nomination.
CONTENT: Says that when he first ran for office in the late 1980s, there were still folks who didnt have phone service. Soon Id helped ensure that everyone in North Florida could access a dial tone.
CONTENT: In two terms in the Missouri General Assembly, Jason Kander passed ZERO bills that were signed into law.
CONTENT: Fox News airs Stuart Scott R.I.P. tribute with picture of Stephen A. Smith.
CONTENT: Says Judge Gonzalo Curiel is a member of a club or society, very strongly pro-Mexican.
CONTENT: Obama ad contends that John McCain endorses Rush Limbaugh's comments about immigration.
CONTENT: On ISIS, (Michael Bennet) chose the (Washington) insiders over our generals.
CONTENT: Says U.S. Senate candidate Tammy Baldwin proposed a $3.9 trillion tax increase -- a tax increase so extreme that even Nancy Pelosi voted against it.
CONTENT: A report by the US General Accountability Office (GAO) in 2008 found that the disposal of Katrina wastes by AshBritt in the south resulted in the creation of contaminated sites along the Gulf Coast and two new Superfund sites in New Orleans.
CONTENT: A few months into office, (President Barack Obama) traveled around the globe to apologize for America.
CONTENT: A grant for $5,000 [from the Governors Workforce Board] went to teach an employee at a company that makes ornamental business card holders how to use Facebook and Twitter.
Node: (18, 13)--------------------
CONTENT: Invested $90 million in traffic fixes without raising taxes.
CONTENT: As a state representative, David Cicilline argued against Megans Law and voted against mandatory registration of sex offenders.
CONTENT: Mike Dovillas big ideas like expanding the Ohio Motion Picture Tax Credit, which helped bring films like The Avengers to Cleveland, have helped make our state No. 1 in the Midwest for job creation.
Node: (18, 15)--------------------
CONTENT: Federal law requires residents to participate in the U.S. governments American Community Survey.
Node: (18, 16)--------------------
CONTENT: 74 percent of Republicans support the Affordable Care Act.
CONTENT: They say teachers only make on averagein New Jersey 60,000 dollars a year.They only work 180 days.
CONTENT: Poll results from the past 35 years show that State of the Union speeches do not move presidential approval numbers.
CONTENT: The average fast food worker is 29, and most fast food workers are on some form of public assistance.
CONTENT: We were able to provide $428 million worth of property tax relief.
CONTENT: About 57 percent of registered Democrats in the new (9th Congressional) district come from my old district.
CONTENT: Says unemployment would be at 10 percent if people who have quit looking for work were included in federal labor force calculations.
CONTENT: People (are) paying more in taxes than they will for food, housing and clothing combined.
CONTENT: Forty percent of gross domestic product is state, local, or federal money.
Node: (18, 17)--------------------
CONTENT: If Texas were a country our economy would rank # 10...in the WORLD.
CONTENT: One of the most recent polls said 75 percent of the American people have said either don't do anything or start over (on health care reform).
CONTENT: Guantanamo detainees get taxpayer-paid-for prayer rugsthey had honey-glazed chicken and rice pilaf.
CONTENT: I dont own a single stock or bond I have no savings accounts.
CONTENT: Says 25 percent of Austins public school buildings are underutilized.
CONTENT: To get out of the (teachers) union, you pay 85 percent of $731. Then youre out of the union, but youve got to pay it every year, also required by statute. Thats called a representation fee.
Node: (18, 18)--------------------
CONTENT: The amount of attention paid this week to Chris Christie makes the coverage of Benghazi ... pale in significance.
CONTENT: Eighty percent of the antibiotics in this country are fed to livestock.
CONTENT: The two worst counties for (Medicaid) fraud in the country -- not state -- are Dade and Broward county.
CONTENT: Twenty-five percent of people in the country have said they changed their email and phone habits because of the collection of data allowed by the Patriot Act.
CONTENT: Says Democrats cut $35 million from the state budget for Information Technology improvements.
CONTENT: Says the Austin chapter of the League of Women Voters has no Republicans among elected officers or on its debate committee.
CONTENT: Says the reforms in state Issue 2 will save taxpayer dollars
CONTENT: Two-thirds of the people who receive the minimum wage are female.
CONTENT: Says the typical homeowner will pay $4 more per month if library district passes.
CONTENT: So what sort of services does Romney's health care plan provide? Per the state Web site: $50 co-pay for abortions.
Node: (18, 19)--------------------
CONTENT: In Rick Perrys Texas, we import nurses ... from other countries.
CONTENT: The highest paid employee of the State of Rhode Island is a basketball coach.
CONTENT: Seven more people will die each and every day until the Legislature ratifies these (pain clinic) rules that are being approved by the Board of Medicine and the Department of Health.
CONTENT: There are many studies that indicate that the longer people get unemployment insurance, it provides some disincentive to work.
CONTENT: The federal government has 77 different means-tested social welfare programs.
CONTENT: On average, college students are taking six years to get a four-year degree.
CONTENT: 71% of WIs roads are in poor or mediocre condition and 14% of WIs bridges are structurally deficient or functionally obsolete.
CONTENT: This year, the overwhelming majority of new jobs are part time.
CONTENT: Tax increases could come into play as a result of the debt ceiling deal.
CONTENT: This kind of snowstorm happens every 10 or 15 years.
CONTENT: Switzerland and the Netherlands . . . cover all their citizens using private insurers, and they do so for much less cost.
Node: (18, 20)--------------------
CONTENT: Brookhaven homeowners pay hundreds of dollars less in property taxes compared with owners of the same-value homes in unincorporated DeKalb County.
CONTENT: Polls show that 96 percent of New Jerseyans and 95 percent of gun households in the state support expanding background checks to keep guns away from those who shouldnt have them.
CONTENT: 95 percent of teachers and principals are not implicated in the [Atlanta Public Schools cheating scandal] report at all.
CONTENT: We rank below Ethiopia, Im told, in terms of our exports per capita, well below any of the other developed countries we trade with, and well below China and (South) Korea.
CONTENT: One extra year of schooling for girls reduces infant mortality rates among their children by up to 10 percent.
CONTENT: Metro Atlantans spend over an hour every day or five hours a week commuting, for a total of 260 hours a year.
CONTENT: 57% of the jobs created in Austin from 2009 to 2013 do not pay families a living wage.
CONTENT: Given the results of the primary, the vote of one New Hampshire superdelegate is equal to the votes of about 10,000 grassroots activists.
CONTENT: The health care bill "dumps 15 to 18 million low-income Americans into a Medicaid program that none of us want to be a part of because 50 percent of doctors won't see new patients."
Node: (18, 21)--------------------
CONTENT: About 230,000 people that were on unemployment when I took office are not on unemployment now.
CONTENT: The minimum number of infrastructure (needs) in Atlanta is $900 million.
CONTENT: The percent of students who enter high school and eventually earn a diploma or equivalent, or who remain in pursuit of a diploma or equivalent, is 90 percent.
CONTENT: Almost 10 percent of Canadians came to visit Florida last year ... (Canadians) buy 7.4 percent of our homes in the state.
CONTENT: Taxpayers earning $1 million pay an effective tax rate that is about four times what taxpayers earning $100,000 pay.
CONTENT: The higher the education level, the more likely they are to vote Democratic.
CONTENT: Five percent of Americans pay over half the income taxes in this country. Forty percent of Americans pay no income taxes at all.
CONTENT: We have the third-lowest minimum wage of developed countries.
CONTENT: According to Wikipedia, there are only five countries in the entire planet that are more unequal than the United States in the distribution of our wealth.
CONTENT: A cashier earning $20,000 per year pays the same (Virginia) income tax rate as a hedge fund manager earning $20 million per year.
CONTENT: If we keep the minimum wage at the current level, then single-parent families earning the minimum wage at a full-time job will live in poverty in New Jersey.
CONTENT: Over $1 trillion was spent on anti-poverty programs in 2011, enough to give every single poor American a check for $22,000.
CONTENT: At the moment, energy companies spend 0.25 percent on RD.
CONTENT: Says for the equivalent cost of a single mile of freeway, we have a bike infrastructure.
CONTENT: Twelve percent of the garbage collected in those SOLV cleanups, by volume, is plastic bags.
CONTENT: The amount of the revenue required by the state (for the construction of high-speed rail) is around 10 percent.
CONTENT: Texans pay the sixth-highest property tax in the nation.
Node: (18, 22)--------------------
CONTENT: Right now, 50 percent of Florida students leaving high school cannot read at grade level.
CONTENT: One-half of undocumented workers pay federal income taxes, which means they are paying more federal income taxes than Donald Trump pays.
CONTENT: Two-thirds of the people who start out in minimum wage are above the minimum wage within a year.
CONTENT: If youre earning under $100,000 a year and you commute to New York every day you pay more to the Port Authority in tolls than you pay to the state of New Jersey in income tax.
CONTENT: For 21 countries in Sub-Saharan Africa, we simply do not have data to say anything about trends in poverty.
CONTENT: Mexico receives approximately $24 billion a year in remittances from Mexican nationals working in the United States. The majority of that amount comes from illegal aliens.
CONTENT: By the time she turns 3 years old, a child born into a low-income home hears 30 million fewer words than a child from a well-off family.
CONTENT: In Oregon, women earn an average of 79 cents for every dollar that men earn for doing the same job. Thats just wrong.
CONTENT: Seventy percent of all uninsured live in households in which at least one person is working.
CONTENT: The rate of uninsured Americans (is) 8.8 percent.
CONTENT: In 1998, nearly half of Floridas fourth-graders were functionally illiterate. Today, 72% of them can read.
CONTENT: The average 401(k) in America of a person whos 60 years old is under $100,000.
CONTENT: On average, Americans spend less than 10 percent of their disposable income on food. Compare that to folks in Mexico, who spend 22 percent, China, 28 percent and Russia, 37 percent.
CONTENT: There are tens of thousands of homes right here in California where you turn on the faucet but you cant drink the water.
CONTENT: One out of 10 minimum-wage workers in the U.S. live in Texas.
CONTENT: In 2008, 33.2 percent of those who voted early on the last Sunday before Election Day were African-American, while 23.6 percent were Hispanic.
CONTENT: 90 percent of all pain medications are prescribed in the United States.
CONTENT: A little less than 50 percent of the people in this country depend on some form of federal payment, some form of government benefit to help provide for them.
CONTENT: In Rhode Island today, 25 percent of our households either dont have a bank account at all, or they have a bank account and theyre still relying on high-cost financial services like payday loans, pawn shop check cashing and so on.
CONTENT: Says if current trends continue, by 2040, one out of three Texas workers will not have a high school diploma.
Node: (18, 23)--------------------
CONTENT: 75 percent of the jobs created in the state of Ohio are created in small business. They are not created by huge corporations and those who are very wealthy.
CONTENT: There are millions of women all across the country who rely on Planned Parenthood for not just contraceptive care; they rely on it for mammograms.
CONTENT: One in four Texans lacks health insurance, the highest proportion in the nation.
CONTENT: One out of four corporations doesnt pay a nickel in (federal income) taxes.
CONTENT: According to the CDC, 110 million Americans now have a sexually transmitted illness.
CONTENT: Almost 40 percent of all (undocumented)immigrants come by plane and they overstay their visas.
CONTENT: In Africa, a child dies every minute because of (malaria).
CONTENT: 13 percent of Americans, the lowest ever, are without health care.
CONTENT: 90 percent of fires in Arizona are human-caused.
CONTENT: Less than 1 percent of 1 percent of the American population has given an amount over $200 to a federal political campaign.
CONTENT: About 40 percent of U.S. illegal immigrants came in on an airplane, with a legal visa, and just overstayed their visa and have never gone home.
CONTENT: 1 in 4 Rhode Islanders under the age of 65 does not have health insurance.
Node: (18, 24)--------------------
CONTENT: Nearly 14,000 Wisconsinites have lost their job since Governor Walker and the Republicans took over in January.
CONTENT: In my home state, nearly one in five Floridians live in poverty.
CONTENT: Only 20 percent of Americans admit to being Republicans anymore.
CONTENT: We adopted the modern Social Security system at a time when the average person died before they were old enough to get Social Security.
CONTENT: By registration fewer than 20 percent of Florida voters are Independents.
CONTENT: Seventy percent of all Texans are overweight or obese.
CONTENT: Forty-seven percent of (members of Congress) are millionaires.
CONTENT: Says one in three Texas children drop out of high school.
CONTENT: Says up to a quarter of African Americans dont have government photo ID.
CONTENT: Nine out of the 10 poorest states are Red states.
CONTENT: Of all the people in federal prison for possession of illegal substances, 77 percent of them are not citizens of the United States.
CONTENT: A large number of the uninsured earn $75,000 or more a year.
Node: (18, 25)--------------------
CONTENT: Immigrants are more fertile.
CONTENT: The average American is working through the month of May just to pay off the government.
CONTENT: The Chinese last year probably stole $360 billion inintellectual property from the United States.
CONTENT: An estimated 56 million Americans don't have bank accounts.
CONTENT: Right-to-work states have higher rates of income growth.
CONTENT: Americans now spend 100 days out of the year working for government before we even start working for ourselves.
CONTENT: Half of all Americans have less than $10,000 in their savings account.
CONTENT: Some 8.1 million of the estimated 11 million to 12 million people in this country illegally are working.
CONTENT: Says taxes paid by the poorest residents of Texas are above the national average.
CONTENT: The majority of Austinites rent the places they live.
CONTENT: The average South Korean is3 inches taller than the average North Korean, a huge gulag.
CONTENT: More whites than blacks are victims of deadly police shootings.
CONTENT: Americans spend more than $160 billion and 6 billion hours per year complying with the tax code.
CONTENT: Says there are probably 2 million, it could be even 3 million criminal immigrants in the country illegally.
CONTENT: Says 3,000 Americans died of gunfire between the time of the Ebola scare in Dallas and the midterm elections.
CONTENT: Refugees are subject to more rigorous screening than the average tourist in the U.S.
CONTENT: Under the compromise tax agreement, 99.7% of American families will not pay 1 nickel in an estate tax.
Node: (18, 26)--------------------
CONTENT: Since 2000, nearly 12 million Americans have slipped out of the middle class and into poverty.
CONTENT: Low-flow toilets can cost homeowners up to $1,000 each.
CONTENT: Romneys Medicare plan was estimated to cost the average senior about $6,000 a year.
CONTENT: Crime rises in communities with casinos.
CONTENT: 500,000 people have signed up for #Obamacare.
CONTENT: Georgias civil forfeiture laws are among the worst in the country and the very worst in the South.
CONTENT: Thousands of Westerners and Americans are fighting with extremists in eastern Syria and Iraq.
CONTENT: Since that famous day in February where the governor campaigned with Barack Obama on behalf of the stimulus program, 211,000 Floridians have lost their jobs.
CONTENT: Texans spend $2.5 billion gambling in our neighboring states every year.
CONTENT: Tax dodging costs developing countries $200 billion every year.
CONTENT: Marriage decreases the probability of child poverty by 82 percent.
CONTENT: The health care reform plan being proposed in Congress would mean big tax increases.
CONTENT: During the Civil War, more than 300,000 Ohioans served in the Union Army -- more per capita than any other state.
CONTENT: Americas least-trusted news sources are also its most popular.
CONTENT: More people hunt and fish in Texas in a given year than attend the... games of the Dallas Cowboys, the Dallas Mavericks, the Houston Texans and the Houston Rockets combined.
CONTENT: Half of illegal immigrants come on legal visas and then overstay.
CONTENT: Light rail does not reduce congestion.
CONTENT: Accidents are down 50 percent and injury accidents are down 60 percent in the rebuilt Marquette Interchange in Milwaukee.
CONTENT: Eliminating earmarks does not reduce spending.
CONTENT: The top one-tenth of 1 percent of Americans own almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent.
Node: (18, 27)--------------------
CONTENT: Every year, more than $40 million are leaving Missouri for the Lone Star State.
CONTENT: In France, they have a (surveillance) program a thousandfold more invasive than the United States.
CONTENT: Demand for transportation choice is on the rise, with 14 percent more Ohioans riding passenger trains over the past year.
CONTENT: More than 1,000 people ... move to Texas every day.
CONTENT: Even a 100 percent tax on millionaires would only fund four months of government operations, failing to seriously address budget deficits and debt.
CONTENT: Says Missouri families earning power is about $5,000 less today than it was at the turn of the century.
CONTENT: Just 400 Americans -- 400 -- have more wealth than half of all Americans combined.
CONTENT: Since 1995, the top 400 wealthiest families have seen their incomes go up 400 percent and their tax rates go down 40 percent.
CONTENT: In the 1950s and 1960s, the minimum wage was such that it would lift you out of poverty.
CONTENT: Six of the 10 richest counties in the United States surround Washington, D.C.
CONTENT: Seven of the 10 highest-income counties in the country ring the city of Washington D.C.
CONTENT: The fact is, over 2.4 million jobs have been lost since the Stimulus bill was signed into law in February of 2009.
CONTENT: NATO hasn't provided enough troops (in Afghanistan) because they are still angry about us going into Iraq.
CONTENT: In 2016, Dallas, Texas, has fewer police officer-related shootings than any large city in America.
Node: (18, 28)--------------------
CONTENT: We admit about 100,000 permanent immigrants from the Middle East every year.
CONTENT: A space shuttle the National Museum of the United States Air Force near Dayton would be within a days drive of 60 percent of the U.S. population.
CONTENT: There are 850,000 Ohio jobs tied to the auto industry.
CONTENT: Our population has grown from about 1 million in the 1970s to almost 7 million today.
CONTENT: Tourism accounts for 439,000 jobs in the state of Ohio, and visitors spend $36 billion annually.
CONTENT: Because of Barack Obama 32 million new people will have healthcare.
CONTENT: Youve got more people wanting to go moose hunting in New Hampshire than want Obamacare.
CONTENT: (Koch Industries) is among the worst in toxic air pollution in the entire United States ... and churns out more climate-changing greenhouse gases than oil giants Chevron, Shell and Valero.
CONTENT: The hole in the earth thats going to be dug (for the proposed Gogebic mine) is bigger than my entire district.
CONTENT: There are 3 million jobs that go vacant each month in this country.
CONTENT: Defensive medicine costs Georgia up to $14 billion a year.
Node: (18, 29)--------------------
CONTENT: We have more people working in clean and green energy than in oil and gas in this country.
CONTENT: Oregon today has 100,000 more jobs than it did when I was elected.
CONTENT: We have the fewest people employed in this country since 1979.
CONTENT: We doubled the size of the company (Hewlett-Packard).
CONTENT: 500 percent more traffic here?
CONTENT: Savannah is home to the fastest-growing port in the nation.
CONTENT: The oil and natural gas industry provides or supports 141,600 jobs in Georgia.
CONTENT: South Carolina has the fastest-growing economy in the Southeast.
CONTENT: Agriculture contributes $71 billion to Georgias economy annually, making it the states largest industry.
CONTENT: Says the area damaged by Hurricane Sandy represents roughly 10 percent of our nations economy.
CONTENT: Our county now has the fastest growing airport in America, attracting nearly 1,000 new private sector jobs.
CONTENT: Every single month since 1985 has been warmer than the historic average. All 12 of the warmest years on record have come in the last 15 years.
CONTENT: More Texans have new jobs today than the entire population of Fort Worth.
CONTENT: My 7-step plan creates 700,000 jobs in 7 years.
CONTENT: Since I took office in January 2011, we have created 11,100 Rhode Island-based jobs.
CONTENT: Two million new jobs have been created, in California since 2011.
CONTENT: Today New Mexico (has) the sixth-fastest growing economy.
Node: (19, 0)--------------------
CONTENT: If you put the $47 billion in revenue (raised over 10 years by the Buffett rule) into infrastructure you could create 611,000 infrastructure jobs.
CONTENT: These 15 political appointees (on the IPAB) will make all the major health care decisions for over 300 million Americans.
CONTENT: Building and running the Atlanta Streetcar is projected to create 1,399 jobs.
CONTENT: Barack Obama "wants the government to take over health care, spend hundreds of billions of dollars of new money for health insurance for everyone."
CONTENT: The Northwest Corridor highway project in Cobb and Cherokee counties is expected to create over 9,700 jobs statewide.
CONTENT: Millions could lose their health care coverage and be forced into a government pool under the new health care law.
CONTENT: The Democrats' health care bills would provide "free health care for illegal immigrants."
CONTENT: Says the Obama administration plans to reduce the number of beds devoted to holding individuals violating immigration laws and to release hundreds of dangerous criminals into our communities.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clinton will receive her congressional salary until she dies and the Secret Service pays her mortgage.
CONTENT: A National Football League lockout would cost Atlanta $160 million in lost jobs and revenue.
CONTENT: If President Obama signs the Copenhagen climate change treaty, he "will sign your freedom, your democracy, and your prosperity away forever and neither you nor any subsequent government you may elect would have any power whatsoever to take it back again."
CONTENT: Health reform will "give every American the same opportunity" to buy health insurance the way members of Congress do.
CONTENT: The Free Flow of Information Act of 2009 would guarantee Barack Obama will never be held accountable for producing forged birth documents.
CONTENT: We could cut unemployment in half simply by reclaiming the jobs taken by illegal workers.
CONTENT: Ninety-four percent of small businesses will face higher taxes under the Democrats plan.
CONTENT: Senator McCain would pay for part of his (health care) plan by making drastic cuts in Medicare $882-billion worth.
CONTENT: Sen. Obama wants to "enact the single largest tax increase since the Second World War."
CONTENT: Gonzales losing campaign against me last spring was funded with more than $1 million from supporters and allies of Governor Bruce Rauner.
CONTENT: Obama plans "a tax increase for everyone earning more than $42,000 a year."
CONTENT: Georgia could get money for schools by scraping the gold off the gold dome of the state Capitol.
CONTENT: Under a public health care option, 120 million Americans will lose what they now get from private companies and be forced onto the government-run rolls as businesses decide it is more cost-effective for them to drop coverage.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clintons energy agenda will cost the U.S. economy over $5 trillion
CONTENT: A cap-and-trade bill would destroy over 50,000 jobs in Virginia.
CONTENT: McCain will give more tax breaks to big oil.
CONTENT: Barack Obama wants to "restore" the estate tax that George W. Bush "repealed."
CONTENT: Amendment 4 will reduce Floridas economic output by $34 billion annually.
CONTENT: Hillary Clinton wants to shut down family farms using radical regulation, by raising business tax rates as high as nearly 50 percent and by taxing family farms again at death by as much as 45 percent.
CONTENT: The Kochs stand to make around $100 billion if the government approves the Keystone XL pipeline.
CONTENT: The Obama administration ... would impose on every Catholic institution, every Jewish institution, every Protestant institution the Obamacare standard of what you have to buy as insurance.
Node: (19, 1)--------------------
CONTENT: Barack Obama wants to "unilaterally disarm our nation."
CONTENT: The president by executive order could grant voting rights to illegal immigrants who are newly legalized under pending legislation.
CONTENT: Says the Internal Revenue Service estimated it must hire 16,500 agents at a cost of $10 billion to the taxpayer to enforce the federal health care overhaul.
CONTENT: Despite claims that you can keep the health care plan you like, the Obama Administration has predicted that as many as 7 out of 10 Americans with employer-provided health coverage could lose their current health plan.
CONTENT: He's promising four more years of an administration that will push for the privatization of Social Security...
CONTENT: Obama "supports hate-crimes expansion ... potentially putting churches at risk if they preach the truth about homosexuality."
CONTENT: Democrats' budget resolution would raise America's tax bill by "$500-billion."
CONTENT: We must deal with the here and now and assure affordable fuel for America by increasing domestic production.
Node: (19, 2)--------------------
CONTENT: Only after news broke that our veterans are dying because of inadequate health care did Harry Reid and Senate Democrats take action.
CONTENT: Florida's legal challenge of the federal health care bill is "bipartisan."
CONTENT: Obama's plan to raise the capital gains tax "hurts the middle class."
CONTENT: Says PolitiFact says Amendment 4 will force counties and cities across Florida to raise taxes and fees.
CONTENT: Ive also offered a plan that can help (fix Social Security) thats supported by Robert Reich, secretary of labor previously, in a previous administration.
CONTENT: Under Barack Obama's health care proposal, "if you've got a health care plan that you like, you can keep it."
CONTENT: SaysPresident Obama is using executive actions to impose gun control on the nation, targeting the top-selling rifle in the country ... with a ban on one of the most-used assault rifle bullets.
CONTENT: Says Gov. Scott Walkers proposed reduction in university spending is about the size of the one under Democratic Gov. Jim Doyle, but Democrats didnt treat Doyles cut as so dire.
CONTENT: Says Gov. Scott Walkers proposed budget would sell off Wisconsins state parks.
CONTENT: The chairman of the party of Florida, who is an avid and outward supporter of Marco Rubio, gets to appoint 30 of those delegates.
CONTENT: The more than $800,000 raised by the Alan Grayson campaign last quarter was "#1 among all 435 members of the U.S. House of Representatives."
CONTENT: Says Charlie Crist wants felons who commit a heinous crime such as intentional permanent disfigurement of a child, you walk out of jail, you immediately get to vote.
CONTENT: Says North Carolina Republican Senate candidate Thom Tillis supports a plan that would end Medicare as we know it.
CONTENT: On unemployment rates: We have counties in Southwest Virginia that are well into double digits and some that are pushing 20 percent.
CONTENT: The United States Senate Democrats and Republicans (voted) to keep our government open.
CONTENT: John McCain's health care plan "leaves you on your own to pay McCains health insurance tax."
CONTENT: Says economists Harvey Rosen and Martin Feldstein have said that paying for (Mitt) Romneys tax cuts would require large tax increases on families making between $100,000 and $200,000.
Node: (19, 3)--------------------
CONTENT: Federal Reserve policies have led to a 69 percent rise in corn prices, 44 percent rise in wheat prices and 15 percent spike in sugar prices over the last year.
CONTENT: Taxpayer-funded benefits to illegals in California are "a skyrocketing cost under Obamacare."
CONTENT: Virginia has a responsibility to fund 55 percent of public education and is payingjust 41 percent.
CONTENT: Says Sen. Luther Olsen, his recall opponent, supported the sale of state-owned power plants not to the highest bidder, but to the biggest donors with no oversight.
CONTENT: Says the number-one source of illegal immigration is people legally coming to the United States on a tourist visa or a student visa and then disappearing into the population and never being heard from again.
CONTENT: Ganley said that if elected, he wants to cut the dickens out of Social Security, Medicare and Veterans benefits.
CONTENT: Says Oregon is one of only three states that allow the use of gillnets on inland waters.
CONTENT: Abortionists have reduced our black population by more than 25 percent since 1973.
CONTENT: More Americans have lost their jobs under Barack Obama than any president in modern history.
CONTENT: Harry Reids plan is basically giving the president a blank check.
CONTENT: If you threw a barbecue yesterday for the Memorial weekend, it was 29 percent more expensive than last year because Barack Obamas policies have led to groceries going up 29 percent.
CONTENT: Trump refuses to denounce the KKK.
CONTENT: Latinos now make up the majority population in Texas.
Node: (19, 4)--------------------
CONTENT: Since Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker took office, we are losing jobs at rates not seen in decades.
CONTENT: Recent solar energy policies in Georgia have resulted in rate hikes and did not result in solar becoming any more economically viable.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clinton has even deleted this record of total support (for the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade agreement) from her book.
CONTENT: More than 100,000 women in Texas have attempted to self-induce abortion in the past year alone.
CONTENT: Austin is effectively imposing a ban on barbecue restaurants.
CONTENT: Gov. Scott Walker and the Republican-controlled state legislature have added over $140 million in new special interest spending
CONTENT: Says Many people Ive talked to are angry that because of City Hall inaction we may have to spend a needless $500 million to cover and treat our pure drinking water.
CONTENT: Because of Obamacare, over the last two years, health care premiums have gone up -- its true -- but theyve gone up slower than any time in the last 50 years.
CONTENT: The Foundation for Government Accountability, which supported a Florida law requiring drug testing of welfare recipients, is a Koch brothers affiliated group.
CONTENT: Congress has cut funding, has slashed funding, for veterans benefits over these last years.
CONTENT: The Congressional Budget Office has found that (the stimulus) bill will lead to a real 0.1 to 0.3 percent reduction in gross domestic product by 2019.
Node: (19, 5)--------------------
CONTENT: Roy Coopers refusal to do his job is costing taxpayers money.
CONTENT: Says drug cartels are using social media to offer rebates so more children from Central America get smuggled to the United States.
CONTENT: More 25- to 34-year-olds are moving to Austin than any other city in America.
CONTENT: President Barack Obama has doubled the size of government since he took office.
CONTENT: Both Cruz andRubio are missing the vast majority of their votes.
CONTENT: The Koch Brothers are spending more money than either the Democratic or Republican parties in the 2016 elections.
CONTENT: SaysSenate Republicans are following a longstanding tradition of not filling vacancies on the Supreme Court in the middle of a presidential election year.
CONTENT: Fifty-three percent of teens in Central Falls are getting pregnant.
CONTENT: Kids coming from an affluent background are taking advantage of all these student loan programs and grants while many middle-class families with no connection to college are picking up the tab.
Node: (19, 6)--------------------
CONTENT: Freshman Rep. Bob Gibbs is spending his one year anniversary on vacation only working 6 days in all of January.
CONTENT: Says Gov. Rick Scott is spending a quarter of a million of our tax dollars to robocall people.
CONTENT: Congressman Renacci is under FBI investigation.
CONTENT: Faced with $1 million in campaign debt, Scott Walker is unloading his campaign security costs onto the backs of Wisconsin taxpayers.
CONTENT: Says Gov. Scott Walker is openly backing a move to abolish the state retirement system and convert it to a 401(k)-style plan that will reduce pensions by at least a third for current and retired public employees
CONTENT: Says Gov. Rick Perry is spending Texans hard-earned money to live like Louie XIV.
CONTENT: Says Williamson County District Attorney John Bradley reduces 36 percent of felonies to misdemeanors and hands them off to her.
Node: (19, 7)--------------------
CONTENT: It has been estimated that nearly 40 percent of all guns sold in America are sold by private, unlicensed sellers either online or through gun shows.
CONTENT: Attorney General Eric Holder is involved in the dismissal of the criminal charges against the New Black Panther Party for voter intimidation
CONTENT: With his proposal to cut income and property taxes, Scott Walker is increasing the state deficit at a time when borrowing is already at record levels.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clinton has taken hundreds of millions from those countries where women are stoned, where women are killed for adulteryand women cant drive.
CONTENT: Says Tom Steyer is aCalifornia billionaire who stands to profit by blocking Keystone and is spending big to help Bruce Braley.
CONTENT: The bill reported out of committee sets up a $50 billion slush fund that, while intended for resolving failing firms, is available for virtually any purpose that the treasury secretary sees fit.
CONTENT: A simple review of the Backrooms health code records will reveal that the restaurant already has a long-standing problem with rodent infestations.
CONTENT: Millionaires working side by side with George Soros are bankrolling (John Kasichs) super PAC.
CONTENT: Over the past few months, we've learned that "we just can't count on the media to debunk" lies about health insurance reform.
Node: (19, 8)--------------------
CONTENT: The Ryan budget gets rid of Medicare in 10 years and turns it into a voucher program.
CONTENT: Three presidents in the last century Harding, Kennedy and Reagan all cut taxes during recessions and produced "rapid and dramatic economic recoveries," while two, Herbert Hoover and Barack Obama, did "the opposite."
CONTENT: While Mayor Kenney personally doesnt support DROP, he cant fault highly qualified city employees for appropriately utilizing a benefit thats available to them.
CONTENT: A $10 million fire fee proposal in St. Petersburg was inspired by Gov. Rick Scott.
CONTENT: Allen West called Social Security a Ponzi scheme and said this countrys got to get on sound footing by destroying it.
CONTENT: The path to ObamaCare becoming law all started with Charlie Crist supporting President Obama's $787 billion stimulus.
CONTENT: Scott Walker has given a $10,000 tax deduction to millionaires who send their kids to exclusive private schools.
CONTENT: Six convictions are connected to an allegation by prosecutors that Gov. Scott Walker is at the center of a criminal scheme.
CONTENT: The goal of Common Core is to instill federally determined attitudes and mindsets in students including political and religious beliefs.
CONTENT: A filibuster has never really been successfully used against a Supreme Court justice.
CONTENT: Says its a statistical reality that most single moms are very poor, under-educated, cant get a job, and if it werent for government assistance, their kids would be starving to death.
CONTENT: The 2016 federal omnibus spending bill funds illegal immigrants coming in and through your border, right through Phoenix.
CONTENT: Wisconsin was embroiled in a constitutional crisis brought on by the Democratic senators fleeing the state for Illinois to block Gov. Scott Walkers budget-repair bill.
CONTENT: Who would sign up to speak for a (Haitian) dictator? Rob Portman.
CONTENT: Voter identification laws make it complicated and expensive to get an ID, essentially instituting a modern-day poll tax.
Node: (19, 9)--------------------
CONTENT: U.S. Rep. Phil Gingrey gave the government the power to electronically spy on Americans without a warrant.
CONTENT: Gov. Scott Walker hired convicted Assembly Speaker Scott Jensen to oversee a raid on the state employee retirement system to help balance the state budget.
CONTENT: Says Rob Portman was a registered foreign agent whose client was Haiti, at a time when the Baby Doc, Duvalier, who was a despot, was killing people.
CONTENT: Sen.Mark Begich cast the deciding vote in favor of President Obamas authority to issue executive amnesty to illegal aliens.
CONTENT: How is a misogynist bigot of epic proportions (like U.S. Rep. Steven Smith) allowed to serve?
CONTENT: Just like Hillary Clinton, Russ Feingold had a run-in with corruption and scandal by using a personal slush fund -- a.k.a. the Feingold Foundation -- while plotting another run for U.S. Senate.
CONTENT: Dan Seals has been running for office since before there were, like, iPods.
CONTENT: The city of Pembroke Pines doesnt have a vote in a plan to build a detention center in Southwest Ranches.
CONTENT: Gov. Rick Perry used $3.2 billion in stimulus dollars for schools to plug other holes in his budget.
CONTENT: In his very first budget, (Milwaukee) Mayor Tom Barrett broke his pledge to keep a lid on property taxes and has continued increasing taxes and fees ever since.
CONTENT: Connie Macks only real job in the real world was as events coordinator for Hooters!
CONTENT: Tim Kaine wants to thwart right-to-work reform measures in Midwest battleground states.
CONTENT: Dr. Paul never votes for legislation unless the proposed measure is expressly authorized by the Constitution.
CONTENT: Says Scott Walker left college under an ethical cloud for having tried to fix the election for student body president.
CONTENT: Says Rick Scott has teamed up with a felon convicted of running a Ponzi scheme to smear Charlie Crist.
CONTENT: Hillary's main extracurricular activity in law school was helping the Black Panthers, on trial in Connecticut for torturing and killing a federal agent.
Node: (19, 10)--------------------
CONTENT: Ron Klein repeatedly voted in favor of amnesty for illegal immigrants.
CONTENT: Says while serving in the city council, Rachel Zenzinger voted to use tax dollars to take a taxpayer-funded junket to China.
CONTENT: Rather than work to secure the border, (Marco Rubio) supported Obamas amnesty plan for illegal immigrants.
CONTENT: Rob Portman is the one who actually sucked the jobs out of the (Mahoning) Valley and sent them to China.
CONTENT: Says Patrick Murphy is one of only three Democrats in the House today who voted to create the Benghazi committee.
CONTENT: Says millions of dollars in tax breaks were paid for by busting unions, cutting BadgerCare, and raising taxes on the poor and the middle class, thanks to Elizabeth Coggs help.
CONTENT: Judithanne McLauchlan was part of a group that supports imposing a state income tax on Floridians.
CONTENT: Perry pushed for a law that lets insurance companies raise homeowners rates without having to justify the increase.
CONTENT: Says Rob Portman voted for the bipartisan bill to affirm climate change is real, humans significantly contribute to it and it needs to be addressed.
CONTENT: Says Milwaukee Mayor Tom Barrett is responsible for the roughly $7,800 I pay in property taxes per year.
Node: (19, 11)--------------------
CONTENT: Obama spent "40 percent of the PAC money, 43 percent to be exact, on Iowa, New Hampshire, Nevada and South Carolina politicians."
CONTENT: Social Security was advocated in the 1930s as a way of getting people to quit working, because they thought we were confined to a permanent scarcity of jobs in this country.
CONTENT: Says Sen. Ted Cruz used to be in favor of birthright citizenship but is now against it.
CONTENT: Janice Hahn hired hard-core gang members with taxpayer money to be gang-intervention specialists. She even helped them get out of jail, so they could rape and kill again.
CONTENT: When Rachel Zenzinger was on the Arvada City Council, she voted to spend taxpayer funds for a junket to China.
CONTENT: Most of Ted Cruzs money comes from Washington, from outside the state of Texas.
Node: (19, 12)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Marco Rubio voted against every bill that would have helped keep our families safe. He even voted against a bipartisan measure, introduced by a Republican, to prevent people on the no-fly list from purchasing guns.
CONTENT: The Obama administration manipulated deportation data to make it appear that the Border Patrol was deporting more illegal immigrants than the Bush administration.
CONTENT: Senator Robert Hurt voted for a bill thats raised your electric rates seven times.
Node: (19, 13)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Kay Bailey Hutchison voted for sanctuary cities.
CONTENT: Says Rob Portman even voted to allow people on the terrorism watch list to buy guns.
CONTENT: Obama spent $7 billion to bring electricity to Africa, failed miserably.
CONTENT: Alaska Sens. Lisa Murkowski and Mark Begich vote as much as 80 percent of the time together.
CONTENT: Roy Barnes voted against a bill in the state Senate that would have made it easier to convict child abusers.
CONTENT: Dan Patrick changed his name from Danny Goeb to hide from his debts.
CONTENT: Newt Gingrich co-sponsored a bill with Nancy Pelosi that would have given $60 million a year to a U.N. program supporting Chinas brutal one-child policy.
Node: (19, 15)--------------------
CONTENT: On support for ethanol mandates
Node: (19, 16)--------------------
CONTENT: In Ohio, we invested in our children, raising school funding by 5.5 percent in the last budget.
CONTENT: In an average grocery store, roughly 75 percent of processed foods contain genetically modified organisms, or GMOs.
CONTENT: Says that even if his budget is adopted, private schools in the choice program would be getting about half the per-pupil funds that public schools receive
CONTENT: Most funding for tuberculosis research (is) provided by the U.S. National Institutes for Health.
CONTENT: Says we will pay the new chancellor a basic salary of nearly $300,000 a year ... an amount that does not include the costs of this public employees benefits, perks and living expenses for a lavish house, an upscale car, a spending allowance, and fine dining almost every day on the taxpayer dollar.
CONTENT: 50% of Hispanic students count on Pell Grants to pay for college.
CONTENT: Sixty percent of New Jersey doctors do not accept Medicaid patients.
CONTENT: The law has not established whether Rhode Island public employees have property rights to their pensions.
Node: (19, 17)--------------------
CONTENT: In this last election in November, ... 63 percent of the American people chose not to vote, ... 80 percent of young people, (and) 75 percent of low-income workers chose not to vote.
CONTENT: In 2012, 1 in 4 Wisconsin schools had a subpar score on the Department of Public Instructions recent report cards and are failing the children they serve.
CONTENT: Oregon schools receive millions of dollars per year in federal school lunch assistance and yet they are required to spend that money almost anywhere but Oregon.
CONTENT: By fiscal year 2013, the state is expected to wipe through [HOPE scholarship] reserve funds.
CONTENT: $2.4 million of the NIH dollars was spent on origami condoms.
CONTENT: Says 6 percent more Republicans across the state voted than Democrats.
CONTENT: Says 50 percent of millennials dont associate with any political party.
CONTENT: Before the HOPE scholarship, 70 percent of the high school students who made 1400 or above on their SAT left the state of Georgia. Now, 70 percent of those stay in the state of Georgia.
CONTENT: Seventy-two percent of Georgians did not have a chance to finish college.
CONTENT: Every general City of Milwaukee employee pays toward his or her pension, but approximately 88 percent of our police officers and firefighters do not.
Node: (19, 18)--------------------
CONTENT: Every single one of the 41 Republican senators who just blocked a raise in the minimum wage will receive a $2,800 cost-of-living adjustment on January 1, 2015.
CONTENT: Wind powers nearly 13 million homes across the country.
CONTENT: The State of Texas is funding womens health services at historically high levels; they just increased their level another $50 million for the next two years.
CONTENT: There is no state in the U.S. where a 40-hour minimum wage work week is enough to afford a two-bedroom apartment.
CONTENT: About 40 percent of workers dont ... have a single paid sick day.
CONTENT: Says under the Romney-Ryan budget ... the American Opportunity Tax Credit for college tuition would be eliminated.
CONTENT: Under my predecessor, they cut funding for education, but they didnt give them anything in return to make up for that, leading to less money for school districts
CONTENT: Its commercial vehicles, 18 wheelers and above that cause 90 plus percent of the damages on our highways and bridges.
Node: (19, 19)--------------------
CONTENT: Says the 2012-13 state budget leaves $6 billion in a rainy day fund.
CONTENT: Sixty-percent of the state retirees...dont get Social Security.
CONTENT: Most countries have no debt ceiling.
CONTENT: A quarter of our workers make $18,000 per year.
CONTENT: The economy is too weak to raise income levels.
CONTENT: TriMet is spending 4.2 million in fed funds to save $168K per year.
CONTENT: Says an arts tax would provide funding for certified arts and music teachers for every elementary school serving Portland residents.
Node: (19, 20)--------------------
CONTENT: Were now spending 42 percent of our economy on government.
CONTENT: The proposed education changes "will not cut one teacher's pay."
CONTENT: Says the proposed fiscal year 2013 budget is still below the level of state spending when I took office.
CONTENT: White people control almost 90 percent of the nations wealth.
CONTENT: 25 percent of our economy is the financial sector.
CONTENT: [W]hen adjusted for cost of living, Georgia ranks first nationally in teacher salary and benefits.
CONTENT: For every dollar a county gets in taxes from new development, it costs us 40 to 50 percent more to provide services.
CONTENT: Georgia has the nations fifth largest Women, Infants and Children (WIC) Supplemental Nutrition program, serving more than 270,000 mothers, babies and children every day.
CONTENT: A gas tax holiday "would at best provide 30 cents a day for three months for a grand total of $28."
CONTENT: Says TriMet spends $10.3 million in police contracts a year for 56 transit police who must respond to non-transit calls
CONTENT: We only have 2 percent of the oil reserves in the world, and we consume 25 percent of the world's oil on a daily basis.
CONTENT: Says the federal government tells health insurance companies how much money theyre allowed to keep of what they receive in revenues -- 15 percent.
CONTENT: The average homeowner spends more than $2,000 each year on energy costs more than on either real estate taxes or homeowners insurance.
CONTENT: We buy 35 percent of all Chinese exports.
CONTENT: Her health care plan will cost $110-billion in the first year, which can be paid for with savings.
Node: (19, 21)--------------------
CONTENT: Right now one of our highest job growth sectors is Leisure and Hospitality. Weve added jobs that mostly fall within the restaurant and bar sector industry. These are not high-paying jobs, as the U.S. Department of Labor estimates this is an industry sector with the lowest average wages and the lowest proportion of its workforce earning minimum or subminimum wage jobs.
CONTENT: Says the United States actually exports more gasoline, diesel and other fuels than it imported in 2011 for the first time since, I think, 1949.
CONTENT: Hospitals, doctors, MRIs, surgeries and so forth are more extensively used and far more expensive in this country than they are in many other countries.''	health-care	mitt-romney	Former governor	Massachusetts	republican	34	32	58	33	19	a Fox News Sunday interview
9874.json	false	Obamacare cuts seniors Medicare.	health-care,medicare	ed-gillespie	Republican strategist	Washington, D.C.	republican	2	3	2	2	1	a campaign email.
3072.json	true	The refusal of many federal employees to fly coach costs taxpayers $146 million annually.	government-efficiency,transparency	newsmax	Magazine and website	Florida	none	0	0	0	1	0	an e-mail solicitation
2436.json	true	Florida spends more than $300 million a year just on children repeating pre-K through 3rd grade.	education	alex-sink		Florida	democrat	1	2	2	4	0	figures cites on campaign website
9721.json	true	Milwaukee County Sheriff David A. Clarke Jr. advised citizens to point that barrel center mass and pull the trigger because 911 is not our best option.	crime,criminal-justice,guns,legal-issues	greater-wisconsin-political-fund		Wisconsin	none	3	3	3	1	1	a campaign TV ad
3627.json	false	Almost 37 percent of the total income from Planned Parenthood is from abortions.	abortion	ronald-renuart	State Representative	Florida	republican	0	1	0	0	0	comments during a committee hearing
11900.json	true	The United States has the highest rate of childhood poverty of almost any major country on Earth.	children,poverty	bernie-s	U.S. Senator	Vermont	independent	18	12	22	41	0	comments during the PBS Democratic debate
4611.json	true	Under Governor Almond the RI DMV had a program that allowed undocumented [people to] use their Personal Tax Identification Number . . . to apply [for] and receive a RI drivers license.	civil-rights,homeland-security,immigration,public-safety,transportation,workers	david-quiroa	prresident, Guatemalan-American Alliance of Rhode Island	Rhode Island	newsmaker	0	0	0	0	0	a news release
3168.json	false	Illegal aliens cost the state of Rhode Island $400 million a year.	census,crime,education,health-care,immigration,state-budget,taxes	terry-gorman	President, Rhode Islanders for Immigration Law Enforcement	Rhode Island	newsmaker	1	0	0	0	1	a radio interview
6832.json	false	Says Eric Cantor voted to assure Congress would be paid if the government shut down and against guaranteeing troops would be paid.	congressional-rules,federal-budget,military	wayne-powell	lawyer	Virginia	democrat	1	1	0	0	1	a debate.
5893.json	true	If Congress froze the current spending level and then cut it by 2 percent annually, we could balance the budget in five years.	deficit,federal-budget	jamie-radtke		Virginia	republican	1	1	1	2	0	a statement
3304.json	true	Every (Wisconsin) legislator that votes for this bill will have to give up the same amount of pay as other state employees.	labor,state-budget	jeff-fitzgerald	Incoming speaker of state Assembly	Wisconsin	republican	2	0	1	2	2	an interview on the Fox News Channel
1638.json	true	Marco Rubio controlled funds that out of the $600,000 that were raised, only $4,000 went to candidates to try to improve their chances to be elected to office."
CONTENT: In 31 states, decent child care costs more than college tuition.
CONTENT: Says were losing one voter every 13 minutes.
CONTENT: (M)ore Georgians have jobs than at any other time since October 2008.
CONTENT: Says America spends over 17 percent of its GDP on health care costs when our closest competitor nations are spending about 12.
CONTENT: Says Georgia Power customers pay 10 percent to 15 percent below the national average for electricity.
CONTENT: New Jersey has the second highest rate of institutionalization of people with developmental disabilities in America. Only Texas puts more of its citizens -- confines more of its citizens -- to institutions than New Jersey.
CONTENT: Says the Congressional Budget Office estimates a cap-and-trade program would cost the average family the equivalent of a postage stamp a day.
CONTENT: The Senate health care bill "would leave 24 million people without insurance coverage."
CONTENT: Did U know? Block Island Wind Farm would mean 40% est. drop in BI electric rates.
CONTENT: 98 percent of American families make under $250,000 a year.
CONTENT: Of six Rhode Island tax-credit programs worth about $35 million, three companies got 90 percent of that -- CVS and two companies not even located in the state of Rhode Island.
CONTENT: As executive director of the Democratic Party of Virginia there were 300 people on my payroll in 2008.
Node: (19, 22)--------------------
CONTENT: At some point in their lives, 99% of women use birth control.
CONTENT: The wages of about 60,562 state and local government employees would be affected if the minimum wage is increased to $10.10 in Georgia, for a combined cost to taxpayers of more than $164 million annually.
CONTENT: 55 percent of the people who cast a provisional ballot (in Florida) in the last presidential election -- their vote did not count.
CONTENT: Among the money spent on health care in the United States, "46 cents on every dollar spent is through Medicare and Medicaid."
CONTENT: A typical married couple will contribute $119,000 into Medicare but will receive $357,000 in Medicare benefits over their lifetimes.
CONTENT: Eighty percent of all U.S. communities depend solely on trucks to deliver and supply the products sold in stores or ordered online.
CONTENT: Almost 1 million children ... have no health insurance in this state.
CONTENT: According to Pew Research, 99 percent of the people in Afghanistan support oppressive Sharia law.
CONTENT: [A]n extra 8 million Americans [are] projected to join state Medicaid programs in the next few years.
CONTENT: If you look at the three people on the (debate) stage from the United States Senate, all three of them have a combined two bills that became law that theyve sponsored.
CONTENT: There is no reason to allocate 60 percent of bridge space to satisfy two percent of all travelers.
CONTENT: 60 percent of people on food assistance are working.
CONTENT: I think [a little] less than half of the people in our prisons are in there for less than a year. ... We have people who are check kiters and dont pay child support and we are locking them up in the state pen.
CONTENT: Six of the nations 10 wealthiest counties, according to median income, are in and around the Washington, D.C. area.
Node: (19, 23)--------------------
CONTENT: Says 1,000 World War II veterans die every day.
CONTENT: Says each year approximately 30,000 people in the United States die as a result of gunfire, and about 80,000 people are wounded.
CONTENT: Individuals with mental illnesses die an average of 25 years earlier than those without a mental illness.
CONTENT: One out of every two kids who are graduating college right now cant find a job.
CONTENT: Last year, handguns killed 48 people in Japan, 8 in Great Britain, 34 in Switzerland, 52 in Canada, 58 in Israel, 21 in Sweden, 42 in West Germany and 10,728 in the United States.
CONTENT: Number of Americans killed by terrorism in the last decade: 24. Number of Americans killed by guns in the last decade: 280,024.
CONTENT: Half the kids coming out of college this year cant find a job, or a job thats consistent with a college degree.
CONTENT: The best evidence is that you lose -- if you use marijuana as a teenager regularly -- eight IQ points.
CONTENT: Every day, 34 Americans are murdered with guns.
CONTENT: An average of seven children in America are killed by guns every day.
CONTENT: In 2011 alone, 269 New Jerseyans were killed by gun violence.
CONTENT: More than 64 percent of minimum-wage earners are women.
CONTENT: 46 percent of women between the age of 16 to 24 despise sexual contact in Japan.
CONTENT: Says About 7 in 10 of Oregons inmates are in prison for violent crimes and serious sex offenses.
CONTENT: If you are black or brown, you are nine times more likely to be stopped and frisked in New York City.
CONTENT: Says 11 percent of the nations fatal car crashes in 2009 were attributed to distracted driving.
Node: (19, 24)--------------------
CONTENT: Much more than 50 percentof parents out there are spankers.
CONTENT: Children who witness domestic violence are twice as likely to commit it themselves.
CONTENT: Says Every year air pollution protections are delayed, another 34,000 people will die prematurely.
CONTENT: Says one in four women and one in seven men have been victims of domestic violence in their lifetime.
CONTENT: Half of all adults have a pre-existing condition that could affecttheir health care coverage.
CONTENT: Twenty-five or 24 million people are out of work or stopped looking for work.
CONTENT: Since 2010, eight children in Georgia have died due to vehicular heatstroke.
CONTENT: Legal prescription drugs statistically kill 100,000 people a year, (but) there are no documented deaths due to marijuana.
CONTENT: Americans are 20 times as likely to die from gun violence as citizens of other civilized countries.
CONTENT: 41 cents out of every dollar (the U.S. spends) is borrowed from places like China.
CONTENT: Between 40 and 50 percent of tax filers do not owe any income tax.
Node: (19, 25)--------------------
CONTENT: High school students arrested on campus are twice as likely not to graduate and four times less likely to graduate if theyve appeared in court.
CONTENT: Nearly half of all pregnancies in the U.S. are unintended.
CONTENT: The average taxpayer will see the equivalent of a 2 percent pay raise as a result of low fuel prices.
CONTENT: Less than half of the poorest American households have a home Internet subscription.
CONTENT: Sixty-two percent of all personal bankruptcies are "caused by medical problems."
CONTENT: Half of all personal bankruptcies in America "are caused by medical bills."
CONTENT: More than a quarter of mortgage borrowers are underwater, and 11 percent of all homes are vacant.
CONTENT: Says a growing number of extremely premature babies survive into healthy childhood.
CONTENT: Says using E-Verify is a fair amount of cost, about $20 per person that does not match.
CONTENT: More than half of last years U.S. college graduates are unemployed or underemployed.
CONTENT: Only 15 percent of drug users are African-American, yet 74 percent of all drug offenders sentenced to prison are black
CONTENT: Nearly one in five women in America has been a victim of rape or attempted rape.
CONTENT: Fourteen million Americans mortgages are greater than the value of their homes.
CONTENT: More than 25 million Americans are unemployed. More than 50 million live without health insurance. Perhaps 100 million live in poverty.
CONTENT: Workers who pick produce in Georgias fields can make $12 to $18 an hour.
CONTENT: The transportation sales tax would cost the average consumer an estimated $112 a year.
CONTENT: 300,000 Floridians will lose their current health plans because of Obamacare, a plan Alex Sink supports.
CONTENT: Up to half of all Americans have a pre-existing condition.
CONTENT: Since Sept. 11, 2001, 270,000 Americans were killed by gunfire at home.
Node: (19, 26)--------------------
CONTENT: The city of Atlanta has one of the highest lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender populations per capita, ranking third among major American cities.
CONTENT: Forty percent of the Fortune 500 were started either by immigrants or children of immigrants.
CONTENT: The Affordable Care Act is a major reason why weve seen 50,000 fewer preventable patient deaths in hospitals.
CONTENT: There are still more people uninsured today than when Obama was elected president.
CONTENT: Every billion dollars we spend on highway construction results in 47,500 jobs. But the fact is the average American is sitting in traffic 38 hours a year.
CONTENT: There are 500 million Internet users and 80 million bloggers who are driving discussions in China. So youve got a lot of people voicing frustration and discontent.
CONTENT: Since 2004, more than 2,000 suspected terrorists have legally purchased weapons in the United States.
CONTENT: Last month, more Americans stopped looking for a job than found one.
CONTENT: Some of the men serving in the (Afghan) armed forces have never driven a vehicle before.
CONTENT: Since 2000, only 10 cases of in-person voter fraud have been proven nationally.
CONTENT: Says in Chicago, we take more guns off the streets than New York or L.A.
CONTENT: Thousands of Americans have been killed by illegal immigrants.
CONTENT: While the smoking rate nationally has fallen, more than 18 percent of Georgians still light up.
CONTENT: Young women today in metropolitan areaswho are childless and single are out-earning childless, single young males.
Node: (19, 27)--------------------
CONTENT: There are at least twice as many licensed firearm dealers in California as there are McDonalds.
CONTENT: Thirty-five states have accepted high-speed intercity rail money.
CONTENT: Between Austin, San Antonio, Houston and Dallas over 8,000 same-sex couples are raising children.
CONTENT: Atlanta now has as many visitors as Las Vegas, San Diego and Los Angeles. Orlando, Fla., and New York City still have more visitors.
CONTENT: Says the United States does not trade as much as other developed nations.
CONTENT: Says states that passed anti-illegal-immigrant legislation also had few Hispanic legislators.
CONTENT: Obamacare has caused millions of full-time jobs to become part-time.
Node: (19, 28)--------------------
CONTENT: Says right now, we have more military spending than the next 10, 11, 12 countries combined.
CONTENT: More people have been put on food stamps by Barack Obama than any president in American history.
CONTENT: We import more oil today than ever before.
CONTENT: The world food demand is going to double sometime between now and 2070.
CONTENT: The richest 80 people in the world own more wealth than the bottom half of the global population.
CONTENT: Texas is home to millions of Latinas, but the state has never elected a Latina to Congress.
CONTENT: Georgia still has one of the richest programs in terms of scholarships for students to go to college.
CONTENT: Says North Carolina is home of the largest military installations in the world.
CONTENT: We have 10,000 baby boomers retiring every day.
CONTENT: Fifty percent of kids coming out of school cant get a job.
CONTENT: Corporate taxes will soon be the highest in the industrialized world.
CONTENT: RIPTA has really some of the fullest buses for its transit agency size around the country.
Node: (19, 29)--------------------
CONTENT: The Chris Hani Baragwanath in South Africa is the worlds third-biggest hospital.
CONTENT: Says that during President Barack Obamas tenure, the United States has created 15 million new jobs.
CONTENT: Russia has tremendous numbers of nuclear warheads 1,800, by the way where they expanded, and we didnt.
CONTENT: Right now, we have the lowest gas tax of anywhere in the country.
CONTENT: We have one of the most expensive General Assemblies, per capita, in the entire country.
CONTENT: Weve got the highest corporate tax rate in the world.
CONTENT: Greece has a GDP the size of the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex.
CONTENT: The United States already has the highest corporate tax rate in the world.
CONTENT: The United States is 50th in life expectancy in the world.
CONTENT: There are so many loopholes ... our businesses pay effectively one of the lowest tax rates in the world.
CONTENT: Our reserves are now in much better shape than they were just a few years ago.
CONTENT: I've got the most international experience here.
CONTENT: We now have the greatest income inequality since the Great Depression.
CONTENT: We have the highest corporate tax rate in the world. Its 35 percent.
CONTENT: The United States has the best health care delivery system in the world.
CONTENT: Today in America, we have more people in jail than any other country on Earth.
CONTENT: The U.S. military is in 130 countries. We have 900 bases around the world.
CONTENT: We have more scientists and engineers per square mile than anywhere in the world.
CONTENT: No one in the country has ever built a brand new sports facility and created this kind of development at the same time.
CONTENT: The post-Soviet industrial meltdown is responsible for most of the progress in reducing carbon emissions that Europe is able to claim.
CONTENT: Texas is the fastest growing state with the most Fortune 500 companies.
Node: (20, 0)--------------------
CONTENT: The Air Force wants taxpayers to fund a fantasy football league.
CONTENT: The Supreme Court cant overrule the other two branchesof government.
CONTENT: If the House of Representatives fails to extend the middle-class tax cuts, 400,000 middle-class Rhode Island families will see their federal income taxes increase.
CONTENT: David Beckhams proposed soccer stadium at Miamis Port threatens the 207,000 jobs and $27 billion economic impact tied to the cargo and cruise industries.
CONTENT: Donald Trump would engage in a risky scheme to privatize Social Security.
CONTENT: A bill that would halt the EPA from regulating greenhouse gases would help stop rising gas prices.
CONTENT: In slashing $1.7 billion from Social Security, Rep. Jim Renacci may end up forcing the entire agency to ... shut down for a month, causing seniors to not get their benefits on time, halting claims processing, and forcing new retirees and disabled workers into a backlog.
CONTENT: By voting to approve [Question 1], we can . . . save 900 jobs at Twin River.
CONTENT: If lawmakers fail to avert the fiscal cliff, 18 percent of the federal money that is sent to the states will be eliminated.
CONTENT: If the state turns down money for high-speed rail, it will kill nearly 10,000 permanent Wisconsin jobs.
CONTENT: If an Iranian woman shows too much hair in public, she risks being beaten or killed.
CONTENT: Immigrants have captured all of the nearly 9 million jobs created since 2000.
CONTENT: A bill to cap carbon emissions could cost Ohio 100,000 jobs.
CONTENT: New carbon regulations will increase electric bills by $17 billion every year and potentially put an average of 224,000 more people out of work every year.
CONTENT: Atlanta Tea Party co-founder Debbie Dooley wants gas taxes raised.
CONTENT: If the Supreme Court throws out the federal health care law, it would be an unprecedented, extraordinary step of overturning a law that was passed by a strong majority of a democratically elected Congress.
CONTENT: Barack Hussein Obama will force doctors to assist homosexuals in buying surrogate babies.
CONTENT: Horse racing could boost Georgias economy by $1 billion a year and create 10,000 to 20,000 jobs.
CONTENT: The priorities of more than three-quarters of Americans are to increase the minimum wage, create a path to citizenship for illegal immigrants, and require background checks for gun buyers.
CONTENT: Barack Obama's health care plan is "to mandate health care coverage and have a universal government-run program."
CONTENT: If the U.S. stops adding to the Strategic Petroleum Reserve, it "will lessen worldwide demand for oil" and reduce prices.
CONTENT: Democrats plan to keep student loan interest rates low by raising taxes on small businesses, very small businesses the kinds of small businesses that give jobs to graduates.
CONTENT: Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama want to raise taxes on dividends, a move that would crash the stock market.
CONTENT: It is estimated that every $100 million spent on construction generates 3,000 new jobs.
CONTENT: Eliminating the state tax on health savings accounts will make it easier for small business owners to provide health insurance to their employees.
CONTENT: Says a federal plan to expand Medicaid would cost Florida taxpayers $26 billion over 10 years.
CONTENT: Barack Hussein Obama will ... force Christian schools to hire non-Christian teachers.
CONTENT: The city of Atlanta has $56 million in its reserves.
CONTENT: Says President Barack Obama could basically legalize all immigrants here illegally by the sign of a pen.
CONTENT: John McCain will keep the estate tax at 0 percent, the same as it is now.
CONTENT: Obamacare means that for up to 20 million Americans, they will lose the insurance they currently have, the insurance that they like and they want to keep.
Node: (20, 1)--------------------
CONTENT: 59 percent of Americans today believe that Barack Obama is still a Muslim.
CONTENT: The U.S. gives foreign aid to Cuba and Venezuela, even though those countries are our enemies.
CONTENT: The Iran deal says that if any other country tries to undermine (Irans) nuclear program, we have to help them defend themselves against Israel, Egypt, Saudis, our own allies.
CONTENT: Any government-run 'public' plan ... forces more employers to drop employee coverage due to rising costs and pay an additional 8% payroll tax for each worker.
CONTENT: Says Republican candidates in key Wisconsin Assembly races side with those who want to privatize Social Security -- and risk our retirements on Wall Street.
CONTENT: Says the federal government threatened to impose a no-fly zone in Texas if state legislators bar airport security officials from performing pat-downs.
CONTENT: States still face a mandate to expand Medicaid coverage under President Obamas health care reform law.
CONTENT: Jason Carters plan: increase spending by $12.5 billion.
CONTENT: Common Core expects English teachers to spend at least half of their reading instructional time at every grade level on informational texts.
CONTENT: Sheldon Whitehouse and 18 other senators voted to censor the internet.
CONTENT: Big rooftop solars plan forces Nevada families who dont have solar panels to pay higher power bills to subsidize rooftop solar.
CONTENT: Dubious taxpayer-funded stimulus projects in Rhode Island include $250,000 to provide digital television to the states inmate population.
CONTENT: Texas Governor Rick Perrys voter ID law is a blatant effort to defeat Wendy Davis by disenfranchising tens of thousands of women voters.
CONTENT: A state bill would end a longstanding requirement that local governments repair highways and sidewalks -- and block injured citizens from suing over neglected maintenance.
CONTENT: Portland Public Schools invites well-paid, well-fed school bureaucrats, administrators, teachers, other staff, non-needy students, affluent parents of students, and other adults, including on the other extreme the adult homeless, illegal aliens, fanatical Muslim terrorists, or drug addicted street people, to enjoy cheap breakfasts in taxpayer-paid school facilities amidst school children.
CONTENT: Public-employee unions spent $30 million in Wisconsin unsuccessfully trying to flip the state Senate to Democratic control.
CONTENT: The U.S. Census believes that by 2030 the majority of Americans will use Spanish as their first language.
CONTENT: Bill White has presided over the construction of what may be the worlds largest abortion clinic.
CONTENT: A government analysis shows under a proposed transportation tax, metro Atlanta will create or support an additional 200,000 new jobs, including jobs that are maintained year over year.
CONTENT: Health care reform "establishes a new board of federal bureaucrats (the 'Health Benefits Advisory Committee') to dictate the health plans that all individuals must purchase."
Node: (20, 2)--------------------
CONTENT: An amendment to the House health reform bill "puts new restrictions on women's access to abortion coverage in the private health insurance market even when they would pay premiums with their own money."
CONTENT: Under the new Arizona immigration law, police can't stop someone to check their immigration status unless they think they see something illegal.
CONTENT: Georgias illegal immigration crackdown laws should be called the Brown Codes because of their similarity to the Black Codes governing blacks after the Civil War.
CONTENT: President Obamas education solution includes an effort to nationalize curriculum.
CONTENT: Most Americans want traditional marriage, as defined by the Defense of Marriage Act.
CONTENT: Over the last two years since President Obama has taken office, the federal government has added 200,000 new federal jobs.
CONTENT: Inside the stimulus package is anti-Christian legislation that will stop churches from using public schools for meeting on Sundays, as well as Boy Scouts and student Bible study groups.
CONTENT: Gov. Scott Walkers plan to freeze pay for state employees includes a 5.4 percent raise for himself.
CONTENT: Under President Barack Obama, the United States has doubled our exports.
CONTENT: Ninety-eight percent of the American people will not see their taxes go up due to the House health care bill.
CONTENT: The economy we preside over today is better than the one we inherited.
Node: (20, 3)--------------------
CONTENT: Obama "has voted in the United States Senate to increase taxes on people who make as low as $42,000 a year."
CONTENT: Seniors will see $500 billion in Medicare cuts to fund Obamacare.
CONTENT: Obama creates new tax on Christmas trees, fees get passed on to consumers.
CONTENT: Senate immigration legislation is the Obama-Reid plan to give illegal immigrants amnesty.
CONTENT: Barack Obama's plan gives a driver's license to any illegal who wants one.
CONTENT: Says that under President Obama, theres been a substantial increase in federal government jobs.
CONTENT: Senate Bill 5 makes it harder for nurses to give the patients the quality care they need.
CONTENT: Says Gov. Scott Walker has caused Wisconsin to lose more jobs than any other state in the country.
CONTENT: Under Barack Obama the last two years, the number of federal limousines for bureaucrats has increased 73 percent.
CONTENT: The Greenlight Pinellas transportation plan involves a 300% tax increase.
CONTENT: Says Texas schools have had massive increases in class sizes with Rick Perry as governor.
CONTENT: Milwaukees police chief can fire officers for basically no cause.
CONTENT: Since President Obama took office in January 2009, the federal government has issued more than 468,500 pages of regulations.
CONTENT: President Barack Obamas policies have forced many parts of the country to experience rolling blackouts.
CONTENT: A study ranked Florida No. 1 in government corruption under Gov. Rick Scott.
CONTENT: Bill White ... supports the ObamaCare socialized medicine plan, as well as Cap and Trade legislation that would kill thousands of Texas jobs.
CONTENT: Seniors and the disabled will have to stand in front of Obamas death panel so his bureaucrats can decide, based on a subjective judgment of their level of productivity in society, whether they are worthy of health care.
Node: (20, 4)--------------------
CONTENT: Facebook has unveiled new rules to stop their users from creatingposts related in any way to religion.
CONTENT: Under Ryan plan,those 54 and younger would receive the same kind of healthcare options now enjoyed by members of Congress.
CONTENT: Bush's tax cuts for high earners have been the biggest contributor to the budget deficit.
CONTENT: The wealth gap between blacks and whites in the United States is greater than the black-white wealth gap was in apartheid South Africa.
CONTENT: Under Obama's budget plan, families making over $250,000 are going to lose their mortgage deduction, their charitable deductions.
CONTENT: In just one month, the Democrats have spent more than President Bush spent in seven years on the war in Iraq, the war in Afghanistan and Hurricane Katrina combined.
CONTENT: Says the Ohio Consumers Council office employs 74 lawyers and that the funding them is wasteful duplication.
CONTENT: In some of the states in the U.S., homosexuality remains a felony.
CONTENT: David Cicilline is the 5th most liberal person in the House of Representatives.
CONTENT: One of the reasons that Social Security is in so much trouble is that the only funding stream comes from people who get a wage. The people who get wages is declining dramatically.
CONTENT: Says Ohio Treasurer Josh Mandel first claimed bank fraud in June 2010 but did nothing for more than a year while raising money for his (Republican) Senate campaign.
CONTENT: Two-thirds of Granite Staters oppose the Tea Party and its agenda on labor unions.
CONTENT: The majority actually want single-payer health care.
Node: (20, 5)--------------------
CONTENT: One in four inmates is an illegal immigrant.
CONTENT: At a minimum, 40 percent of those who view child pornography end up molesting children as a result.
CONTENT: Says Donald Trump has the second-highest disapproval ratings of anyone running for president.
CONTENT: U.S. Senate candidate Michelle Nunn has avoided taking a stand on Obamacare.
CONTENT: Says the University of Wisconsin football program is spending almost all of its Bowl Championship Series payout on a Rose Bowl junket for politically connected officials
CONTENT: Says in the last five years Senate Republicans have placed a filibuster on every piece of legislation and every nominee.
CONTENT: The Milwaukee Bucks are actually younger than the Marquette team.
Node: (20, 6)--------------------
CONTENT: Rob Cornilles has disputed for two years a news story that said he said he would cut Social Security and Medicare programs before trimming the U.S. defense budget.
CONTENT: Says Rick Perry is a 25-year incumbent.
CONTENT: Ted Cruz is mathematically out of winning the race.
CONTENT: This year, Eric Cantor has received more money from oil companies than any other member of Congress.
CONTENT: Cicilline continues to accept hundreds of thousands of dollars in lobbyist, corporate PAC and insider money to fund his campaign.
CONTENT: Says Lee Leffingwell has been mayor of Austin, Texas for about as long as Sarah Palin was governor of Alaska.
CONTENT: Says challenger Dominic Chavez is a Rick Perry Republican lobbyist.
CONTENT: President Obama has never received a paycheck from a profitmaking business in his entire life.
CONTENT: Attorney general candidate Brad Schimel is in cahoots with Wisconsin Right to Life to make abortion a crime in Wisconsin.
CONTENT: In 2009, his first year as mayor, Julin Castro received a seven-figure referral fee that smells like a dirty financial gift from notorious personal injury lawyer Mikal Watts, a major Obama donor.
CONTENT: Says Ohio Gov. John Kasich got lucky with a thing called fracking, which is why Ohio is doing well.
CONTENT: Says Matt Bevin has repeatedly failed to pay his taxes.
CONTENT: U.S. Rep. Stephen Fincher is the only working farmer currently serving in the House.
CONTENT: This president spends 30 times as much money on global warming research as he does on weather forecasting and warning.
CONTENT: Under the administration of Gov. Scott Walker, northern Wisconsins mining economy is moving forward and more people are getting good, high-paying jobs.
CONTENT: Says Rick Perry is the guy that tracked down Democratic legislators who fled Texas in 2003.
CONTENT: Says he has exposed plans by Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker to push legislation that would allow the state to declare financial martial law and take over municipal governments.
Node: (20, 7)--------------------
CONTENT: By using a little-known loophole ... Obama minions are allowing Nestle Company to export precious fresh water out of Lake Michigan.
CONTENT: Its bad enough that (Stephen) Silberkraus appeared in a sexual fetish film where women were kidnapped from their homes and forced to live naked in kennels and trained to be pets. But when Silberkraus isnt acting in films that degrade women, hes stalking them in his personal time.
CONTENT: James Langevin has received almost $20 million from taxpayers and special interests to use at his own discretion to supposedly champion Rhode Islands needs.
CONTENT: The United States has 10,000 IRS agents making sure that you dont take an improper charity deduction, but to fight terrorism, it has less than two dozen people focusing on countering violent extremism at home.
CONTENT: Prince William County has cut violent crime in half since instituting a crackdown on illegal immigration.
CONTENT: There are about 350,000 people who succeed in crossing our borders illegally each year.
CONTENT: President Obama has worked to change Medicare for the worse by creating an unelected, unaccountable panel with the power to deny coverage of certain treatments.
CONTENT: Since being elected, (Tom Barrett) has dumped 8.2 billion gallons of raw sewage into Lake Michigan.
CONTENT: Monica Wehby and Jason Conger are causing devastating consequences for nearly 23,000 Oregonians looking for work.
CONTENT: Peter DeFazio will sneak in a 1 percent tax on all banking transactions.
CONTENT: Over the next two years, this $1.8 billion deficit will cost individual Wisconsinites $300 each, or $1,200 for families of four.
CONTENT: Chris Jacobs has been financed by the same men who are now facing charges in one of Western New Yorks largest public corruption schemes
Node: (20, 8)--------------------
CONTENT: Jason Kander supports [Obamas] plan to bring the remaining suspected terrorists to U.S. soil.
CONTENT: An Environmental Protection Agency regulation that goes into effect Jan. 1, 2012, regulates dust.
CONTENT: The Capitol Police force is going so far as to use paramilitary equipment in dealing with singing protesters in Madison
CONTENT: The fact that Rick Scott is running for governor as a 'reformer' would be funny if it wasn't so outrageous. This is a man who barely escaped imprisonment.
CONTENT: The Obama administration has even joined Islamist governments in sponsoring a U.N. resolution that would shred our First Amendment by threatening to make discussion of radical Islamism potentially illegal.
CONTENT: Says Gov. Rick Perry failed to involve border sheriffs in developing plans to prevent violence in their communities.
CONTENT: The Democrats are responsible for the swift, mindless drawdown of a military that was generations in the making.
CONTENT: Van Jones is an avowed, self-avowed radical revolutionary communist.
CONTENT: One third of all federal prisoners today are illegal immigrants.
CONTENT: PolitiFact Wisconsin concluded that the charge that Justice Prosser prejudges matters that come before the court is True.
CONTENT: Under energy efficiency legislation sponsored by U.S. Sen. Jeanne Shaheen, federal bureaucrats could take over the local building code enforcement in your city if so-called green mandates are not complied with quickly enough.
CONTENT: Wikileaks also shows how John Podesta rigged the polls by oversampling Democrats, a voter suppression technique.
CONTENT: Jeff Greene "is the king of the undercover Credit Default Swap that brought about the destruction of our economy that we have right now."
CONTENT: Barack Obama's middle name is Mohammed and he's a "covert" Muslim.
CONTENT: Sen. Sherrod Brown has chosen to side with Washington bureaucrats and fringe extremists in the attacks on our natural resources.
CONTENT: Recently though, the media has reported on thousands of illegal voters here in the commonwealth.
Node: (20, 9)--------------------
CONTENT: Jeanne Shaheen was principally involved in a plot with Lois Lerner and President Barack Obamas political appointee at the IRS to lead a program of harassment against conservative nonprofit groups during the 2012 election
CONTENT: Kathryn Starkey joined forces with liberal Democrats on a historic sales tax hike.
CONTENT: As governor, Tim Kaine oversaw a huge increase in illegal immigration, a tremendous increase.
CONTENT: Elena Kagan is a New York City radical, Marxist lawyer through and through.
CONTENT: People on potshoot each other ...stab each other ...strangle each other, drive under the influence, kill families.
CONTENT: Says Baltimore police are trained by Mossad and Shin Bet.
CONTENT: The 9/11 terroristsfriends, family, girlfriends in the United Stateswere sent back for the most part to Saudi Arabia. They knew what was going on. They went home, and they wanted to watch their boyfriends on television.
CONTENT: Rick Scotts company is partners with Playboy in a social networking website that has community pages specifically geared towards gay dating.
CONTENT: Says Greg Abbott converted over $1 million in federal grant money intended for use to prosecute online sexual predators and other cyber crimes and instead used it to harass and prosecute senior citizens who were assisting other senior citizens in applying for mail-in ballots.
CONTENT: Jesus was an undocumented immigrant.
CONTENT: When Congress voted to condemn Iran for sentencing a Christian pastor to death, (U.S. Rep. Lois) Capps was the only member who voted no.
Node: (20, 10)--------------------
CONTENT: Maggie Hassan raised tuition, making it the highest in America.
CONTENT: George Bush sent people to war without body armor.
CONTENT: Ed Perlmutter voted for Viagra for rapists paid for with tax dollars.
CONTENT: Vern Buchanan has been completely exonerated in a Federal Election Commission action.
CONTENT: Says Scott Walker runs a state government that bans employees from talking about climate change.
CONTENT: Bill McCollum "served as a lobbyist whose clients enabled mortgages for illegal immigrants."
CONTENT: Bruce Starr was the only senator to vote for stronger ethics laws and greater accountability.
CONTENT: Says Bobby Jindals parents used his birthright citizenship to become Americans, making him an anchor baby.
CONTENT: Shows in a television ad that police took evidence fromSolantic, Rick Scotts new health care company, after allegations emerged that the company was engaging in fraud.
CONTENT: On three occasions, judges had to stop Jason Kander from manipulating elections.
CONTENT: In 2013, Dan Patrick voted against funding to test the backlog of rape kits, allowing rapists to walk free.
CONTENT: A majority of Wisconsinites opposed the government takeover of health care. But Russ Feingold voted for it anyway.
CONTENT: Supreme Court nominee Merrick Garland voted to uphold D.C.s ban on handguns.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clinton was let off the hook for her email scandal while Gen. David Petraeus had his life destroyed for doing far, far less.
CONTENT: Elena Kagan "violated the law of the United States at various points" with her opposition to military recruiters.
CONTENT: Says Julie Parrish voted to divert $160 million from public schools to private for-profit schools.
CONTENT: Says Mitt Romney and Bain Capital are to blame in a womans premature death when they closed the plant where her husband worked.
Node: (20, 11)--------------------
CONTENT: Diane Black voted to fund Obamacare.
CONTENT: Says when he was governor, most of the Democrats voted for his billion-dollar property-tax cuts, but U.S. Senate rival Tammy Baldwin voted against it.
CONTENT: Says Debbie Wasserman Schultz voted repeatedly to send terminally ill patients to prison.
CONTENT: Says Newt Gingrich aligned with Nancy Pelosi on global warming.
CONTENT: David Simpson actually voted for drivers licenses for illegal immigrants.
CONTENT: Tim Kaine supported higher energy costs for families.
CONTENT: Leticia Van de Putte voted to stop schools from removing teachers convicted of a felony.
CONTENT: Says Sen. Mark Pryor voted for special subsidies for lawmakers and staff in Congress so theyre protected from Obamacare.
CONTENT: Says he voted for even stronger protections (in the Violence Against Women Act)than Obamas agenda will allow.
CONTENT: Jeff Merkley was the deciding vote on Obamacare, which in Oregon has been an unmitigated disaster.
CONTENT: Says Scott Walker tried to pass a law to allow pharmacists to block womens access to birth control.
CONTENT: Roy Blunt voted to raise his own pay 12 times while in Congress.
CONTENT: Says Terry McAuliffe opposes Virginias right-to-work law.
Node: (20, 12)--------------------
CONTENT: Glenn Hegar promised to eliminate the property tax.
CONTENT: Congressman Cicilline, when he was the mayor of Providence, espoused a sanctuary city.
CONTENT: Obama Signs Bill Forgiving All Student Loan Debt.
CONTENT: SaysTom Cotton voted against preparing America for pandemics like Ebola.
CONTENT: Sens. Mark Warner and Tim Kaine voted to let the U.N. take OUR guns.
CONTENT: Says Marco Rubio voted to deport young people known as Dreamers.
CONTENT: On gift taking,Bob McDonnell took a fraction of what (Tim) Kaine took.
CONTENT: Says U.S. Senate candidate Cory Gardner blocked immigration reform and voted to deport our DREAMers.
CONTENT: Says Democratic state Sen. Jim Holperin voted against a property tax freeze in 2009 and then voted for a $1.5 billion property tax hike.
CONTENT: Congresswoman Kathy Castor voted to spend $2.6 million to teach prostitutes in China to drink responsibly.
CONTENT: Says Steve Jobs was responsible for creating more jobs than the stimulus bill.
CONTENT: Eric Cantor voted to fully fund Obamacare in October.
CONTENT: Says Donald Trump made a lot of money from outsourcing jobs thanks to NAFTA but never, ever raised his voice against it when Congress was considering it.
CONTENT: Says state Senate candidate Aaron Bean voted to give health care subsidies to illegal immigrants.
CONTENT: Rep. Paul Hodes, D-N.H., voted for the pork-filled stimulus bill -- $1.9 million to study ants in Africa, $39 million for office upgrades for politicians.
CONTENT: OShaughnessy even voted for her own personal stimulus package -- a taxpayer-funded pay raise for herself.
CONTENT: Says Donald Trump promised to take care of everybody (through government-run healthcare and) the governments going to pay for it.
CONTENT: Scott Fisher tried to expand Obamacare in Texas and even voted for an official resolution to force 1 million Texans into Obamacare.
CONTENT: During the recent global warming summit in Copenhagen, Nancy Pelosi and others stayed at a five-star hotel on a trip costing nearly $10,000 per person.
CONTENT: Says Connie Mack voted to redefine rape as forcible rape.
CONTENT: Says she made an accurate prediction that if Barack Obama were elected it would encourage Russia to invade Ukraine.
CONTENT: Natalyn Archibong skipped (Atlanta) City Council meetings or was late 90% of the time. Then she voted herself a pay raise.
CONTENT: Says Tom Perriello voted to give tax breaks to foreign companies creating jobs in China.
CONTENT: Alex Sink used a taxpayer-funded plane so she could get to a vacation in the Bahamas.
CONTENT: Obama voted to raise taxes on people making just $42,000.
CONTENT: Says Daniel Webster used taxpayer funds to build a lobbyist lounge.
CONTENT: The governments twice the size it was 10 years ago. Its 30 percent bigger than it was when (Barack) Obama became president.
CONTENT: He reformed welfare before others tried.
Node: (20, 13)--------------------
CONTENT: Says she would bring 186,740 new jobs to Wisconsin and Donald Trump would cost Wisconsin 61,050 jobs.
CONTENT: Congressman Perriello voted in lock step with Nancy Pelosi 90 percent of the time.
CONTENT: Says new GOP Wisconsin Assembly members voted to take funding away from their public schools in their districts to give it to private Milwaukee voucher schools.
CONTENT: Passage of Clinton budget bill in 1993 "led to an enormous flowering of the economy in America."
Node: (20, 15)--------------------
CONTENT: Repealing Obamacare saves our nation more than $2 trillion.
Node: (20, 16)--------------------
CONTENT: Since 1999, all Virginia Lottery profits have been used for public education in the Commonwealth for kindergarten through 12th grade.
CONTENT: If you work 40 hours a week at the proposed minimum wage of $10.10 an hour, you get out of poverty.
CONTENT: Says at the state level were spending more on tax expenditures than we are on public safety, health care and education combined.
CONTENT: Says 85 percent of IDEA charter-school students come from low-income families and about 99 percent of its graduates go to college.
CONTENT: The vast majority of our public school students are receiving less state support than their private voucher peers.
CONTENT: The Austin Independent School Districts graduation rate reached an all-time high of 82.5 percent in 2012.
CONTENT: In 1976, the first year that Pell Grants were fully funded, a full Pell Grant paid 72 percent of the cost of attendance at a typical four-year public college. Today, a full Pell Grant covers just 34 percent of those costs.
CONTENT: If we use (Tax Increment Financing) funding, thats going to take funds from the general fund for Pinellas County, as it will take funds from the general fund for the city of St. Pete.
CONTENT: Among Milwaukee Public Schools students, 86 percent are behind in reading and 80 percent are behind in math.
Node: (20, 17)--------------------
CONTENT: Only 50 percent of students from Milwaukee public high schools go on to a two-or four-year college.
CONTENT: We have reduced funding for education the least. Theyve suffered the least cuts.
CONTENT: $100,000 in stimulus funds (were) used for a Martini Bar and Brazilian Steakhouse.
CONTENT: In our community college system (state) cuts have reduced funding per student by $1,908.
CONTENT: In 1978, a student who worked a minimum-wage summer job could afford to pay a years full tuition at the 4-year public university of their choice.
CONTENT: This years state budget and my spending proposal for Fiscal Year 2016 represent an infusion of more than $1 billion in additional money for K-12 education.
CONTENT: We are the only state in the country that state employees dont contribute [to their pensions].
CONTENT: In Rhode Island there are 150 different pension plans for public workers.
CONTENT: 60 percent of Texas 8th graders are not proficient in math. Only 26% have a teacher with a undergraduate major in math.
CONTENT: Says Gov. Scott Walker made more than $70 million in cuts to job training programs through (Wisconsins) technical colleges.
Node: (20, 18)--------------------
CONTENT: The city of Columbus would save $41 million a year if employees had to contribute to their own, guaranteed-check pensions.
CONTENT: On Lee Fishers watch, almost nine out of 10 jobs that Ohio lost were lost to other states, not to other countries.
CONTENT: From a standpoint of the county government, neither school system has received an increase in funding over the past six years.
CONTENT: Says proponents of a bond package for the Austin school district say the district has the second-lowest bond tax rate among the Central Texas area school districts.
CONTENT: Last year, we produced 14 percent less oil on public lands than we did the year before.
CONTENT: Rhode Island has the most burdensome level of health-insurance mandates in the nation.
CONTENT: Says Floridas pension plan faces the same long-term funding problems as Social Security.
CONTENT: There are fewer people crossing (the southwest) border than in the last 30 years.
CONTENT: Members of the military dont contribute toward their pension.
CONTENT: The average student comes out of college hundreds of thousands of dollars in debt.
Node: (20, 19)--------------------
CONTENT: Says that under Rick Perrys plan, Texas has cut funding for public schools by 25%.
CONTENT: Most of, if not all of, the [DeKalb school construction] projects always came in on or were under budget.
CONTENT: Says Georgia will send more state money per child to state charter schools and that budget cuts are not applied to those charter schools.
CONTENT: We spend three times more on entitlements and debt services than we do on defense.
CONTENT: Only about 6.8 percent of the (stimulus) money has actually been spent.
CONTENT: Education funding of $7,176 per student is a historic level.
CONTENT: Cobb is one of the largest school systems (in the nation) that is debt free.
CONTENT: The top 1 percent (of income earners) paid 36.7 percent (of the taxes). ... The top 50 percent pay 97.7 percent.
CONTENT: The 2013-15 state budget backed by Gov. Scott Walker and Republican lawmakers left our technical colleges funded at 1989 levels.
CONTENT: The House health care bill pays for "about six years of program with a decade of revenue, with the heaviest costs concentrated in the second five years."
CONTENT: The health care bill has six years of costs against 10 years of tax revenue.
CONTENT: Were 48th in K-12 funding and 50th in higher education.
CONTENT: The Legislature needs to spend $500 million to shore up the pension fund this year and the next 28 years to keep it afloat.
CONTENT: The amount of interest paid on the federal debt exceeds total tax revenue.
CONTENT: There is great disparity, tremendous disparity, in the (capital) funding on a per-student basis between our traditional public schools and our charter public schools.
Node: (20, 20)--------------------
CONTENT: Says this months special session will cost the state $27,300 a day just for legislators daily living expenses.
CONTENT: Women receive only 77 cents for every dollar a man earns.
CONTENT: By 2014, there will be one administrator for every teacher on college campuses in the United States.
CONTENT: Says the Portland Childrens Levy holds its administrative expenses to less than 5 percent.
CONTENT: The omnibus spending bill has 9,427 pork barrel items.
CONTENT: Tennessee students now cover about 67 percent of the cost of their education at public universities, and some 60 percent at community colleges.
CONTENT: The health care reform law offset[s] 6 years of benefits with 10 years of tax increases.
CONTENT: Rhode Islands state pension system underperformed the median three out of the four years that Mr. [Frank] Caprio was in office.
CONTENT: Says the city of Portland has one manager for every six front-line workers.
CONTENT: Theres a 1.5 percent to 2 percent overhead in Medicare. The insurance companies have a 20 percent to 30 percent overhead.
CONTENT: Ohio companies export more goods and services globally than 41 other states.
CONTENT: There used to be 16 workers for every one person on Social Security. ... Now its three.
CONTENT: The top25 hedge fund managers (are) making more than all of Americas kindergarten teachers combined.
Node: (20, 21)--------------------
CONTENT: In Georgia, women earn 82 cents for every dollar earned by men.
CONTENT: Unlike the gridlock in Washington, more than 80 percent of the bills we passed during this General Assembly had bipartisan support.
CONTENT: Since 1978, college tuition nationwide has gone up something like four times the rate of inflation.
CONTENT: Statistics show that more people at this time telecommute than they ride carpools, mass transit, bicycle or walk.
CONTENT: A far different picture from the prior eight years, which saw 115 increases in taxes and fees.
CONTENT: Every 1 percent increase in the number of Ohioans with bachelors degrees means economic activity growing the next year and for each year thereafter (by) $2.5 billion dollars.
CONTENT: We have the highest rate of childhood poverty of any major country on Earth.
CONTENT: The costs for families (in the individual market) for the same type of coverage that they're currently receiving would go down 14 percent to 20 percent.
CONTENT: As a sign of extraordinary progress, there are half as many (primary-age) children out of school today as there were 15 years ago.
CONTENT: Says more than eight countries lead the United States in the percentage of college graduates.
CONTENT: Says if we raise the number of third-graders who read at a third-grade level, we affect everything, from graduation rates to incarceration rates.
CONTENT: People buy more items during Georgias sales-tax holidays, boosting economic activity.
CONTENT: The labor market is weak because if you count the unemployed, underemployed, and those whove stopped looking for work, the unemployment rate actually went up last month to 13.5 percent.
Node: (20, 22)--------------------
CONTENT: More people are driving under the influence of drugs than are driving under the influence of alcohol. A recent roadside survey showed that 16 percent of the people tested, tested positive for illicit or licit drugs. Thats significantly higher than alcohol.
CONTENT: Says that in fiscal year 2010, nearly 80 percent of women served in the Texas Womens Health Program received services from a provider other than a Planned Parenthood clinic.
CONTENT: Weve got 40 years of study now that show that, with a good preschool start, youre less likely to be on public dole, youre less likely to be in prison.
CONTENT: A poll found that 20% of young adults use (smartphones) during sex.
CONTENT: The rate of U.S. female homicide victimsoutnumbers 24 other developed countries by more than 2 to 1.
CONTENT: Forty-five percent of those whove been unemployed, theyve been unemployed for six months or longer.
Node: (20, 23)--------------------
CONTENT: In 2011, more people were murdered with knives, hands or feet or clubs and hammers than with any type of rifle.
CONTENT: When we look at the number of murders in the United States (in) 2009, we had 9,500 people murdered. When we look around the world, we see ... large countries, the U.K., Germany, Japan had 200 or less killed in a year.
CONTENT: Black people kill more black people every six months than the KKK did in 86 years.
CONTENT: Since 1980, over 145 incidents have been documented of suction entrapment in swimming pools and spas, including 36 deaths of children.
CONTENT: Of all the jobs President Obama claims to have created since he started, only 38.5 percent are women. So 61.5 percent have gone to men.
CONTENT: In 2010, 2,694 young people were killed by gunfire. 1,773 were victims of homicide; 67 were elementary school-age children.
CONTENT: According to a recent poll, there are more young Republicans enrolled in their parents (health insurance) plans than young Democrats.
CONTENT: The average student will be spending $1,700 to $1,800 more during the life of their loan because of this surcharge.
CONTENT: According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), about 120 Americans on average die from a drug overdose every day. Overall, drug overdose deaths now outnumber deaths from firearms.
Node: (20, 24)--------------------
CONTENT: Youre in more trouble if you leave your pet in the car than if you leave your child in the car.
CONTENT: We have at least 200,000 to 300,000 hate crimes in a given year.
CONTENT: Were spending millions for each individual held at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.
CONTENT: Over 22,000 unique Internet Protocol addresses -- in Wisconsin alone -- have downloaded child pornography.
CONTENT: More preschoolers are shot dead each year than police officers are in the line of duty.
CONTENT: Says A baby in Coos County is two times as likely to be born to a mother who is someone who used tobacco during her pregnancy as is the average baby born in Oregon or the U.S.
CONTENT: According to the Congressional Budget Office, as many as 20 million Americans could lose their employer-based insurance thanks to Obamacare.
CONTENT: One out of every three automobile fatalities can be attributed to alcohol.
CONTENT: Nearly 100,000 people get shot every year. Thats 270 people a day and 87 dead.
CONTENT: Says according to the FBI, more people are killed each year with hammers and clubs than rifles.
CONTENT: The 2012 National Survey on Drug Use and Health found that up to half of daily marijuana smokers become addicted -- an estimated 2.7 million people in the U.S.
CONTENT: The gun epidemic is the leading cause of death of young African-American men, more than the next nine causes put together.
CONTENT: By age 65, the average woman will have lost $431,000 throughout her working career was a result of the pay gap.
CONTENT: Every year the average woman loses around $11,000 to the wage gap, which amounts to a $500,000 vagina tax over her working career.
Node: (20, 25)--------------------
CONTENT: Says in Oregon only 41 percent of adults have ever been tested for HIV.
CONTENT: Says there have been well over 54 million abortions since 1973.
CONTENT: Who will raising the minimum wage actually help? More than half work full-time. The average worker is 35 years old.
CONTENT: More than 32,000 Americans lose their lives to gun violence each year.
CONTENT: More women were killed by their husbands or boyfriends since Sept. 11 than all the Americans who were killed by 9/11 or in Afghanistan and Iraq.
CONTENT: Every year there is a slightly smaller percentage of American households owning guns.
CONTENT: Some cardiologists estimate 70 percent of all males over 50 have some form of heart disease.
CONTENT: Nearly one in four people in their prime working years are not working.
CONTENT: States with the most gun laws tend to have the fewest gun deaths.
CONTENT: Currently, almost 40 percent of people with HIV are not diagnosed until they already have developed AIDS. And that can be up to 10 years after they first are infected with HIV.
Node: (20, 26)--------------------
CONTENT: People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals estimates 200 animals will be spared annually as the result of former President Bill Clinton adopting a vegan diet.
CONTENT: Electricity rates are 40 percent higher in states that have required utility companies to use a certain amount of renewable energy such as solar power.
CONTENT: Middle-class Americans pay a higher tax rate than millionaires and billionaires.
CONTENT: By 2009, dozens of senior terrorists had been taken off the battlefield by drones.
CONTENT: Up to 80 percent of small businesses will be forced to give up their current plans due to new Obamacare regulations.
CONTENT: Weve had 27 (Ebola) outbreaks around the globe and theyve never spread outside of the confines of the countries that were initially affected.
CONTENT: As many as a quarter of our students arent even finishing high school.
CONTENT: More than three women per day lose their lives at the hands of their partners.
CONTENT: Says 600,000 to 700,000 government workers have been laid off in the last year and a half
CONTENT: More than half of our unemployed Ohioans have been out of work for six months or more.
CONTENT: More than one-quarter of Americas young adults are too fat to serve in the U.S. military
CONTENT: More astronauts have been to the moon than farmers who paid the inheritance tax in 2013.
CONTENT: There are close to 900,000 unemployed veterans in America right now.
Node: (20, 27)--------------------
CONTENT: Today, American companies have nearly $2 trillion sitting on their balance sheets.
CONTENT: Today, the five largest financial institutions are 38 percent bigger than they were back in 2008, when they were too big to fail.
CONTENT: Israels per capita income is greater than probably three-fourths of the rest of the world.
CONTENT: Last year, 244 suspected terrorists walked into gun shops and attempted to purchase a firearm; 223 were able to get the firearm.
CONTENT: Women still earn about 77 cents for every dollar a man earns for working the same job.
CONTENT: Contrary to popular belief, we actually dont have that many public employeesWe are well below average in the number of public employees.
CONTENT: More than 40,000 troops are still stationed in Afghanistan with no clear objective. Even in the best case, by the end of the year at least 10,000 American soldiers will still be on the ground.
CONTENT: Three or four countries out of roughly 60 in the anti-ISIS coalition are providing military force.
CONTENT: Thirty U.S. cities have Triple A baseball teams and virtually everyone of them [is] playing in government owned ballparks.
CONTENT: We work longer hours than any people in the industrialized world, including the Japanese.
CONTENT: The U.S. military footprint in Africa is nearly nonexistent.
CONTENT: There are still tens of thousands of missing service members from previous and current conflicts that our nation is working to find and repatriate.
Node: (20, 28)--------------------
CONTENT: Malawi has just 300 doctors for 16 million people.
CONTENT: Irans defense budget is $30 billion. Our defense budget is closer to $600 billion.
CONTENT: A million people a year come into the U.S. legally. No other country even comes close to that figure.
CONTENT: We spend about 75 percent of the entire cost of the military aspect of NATO.
CONTENT: North Korea has a substantial standing army, one of the largest, certainly the largest per capita, in the world.
CONTENT: We have seized more currency, more drugs, more outbound arms in the past year than any year in our countrys history.
CONTENT: Only nine coalition nations with the U.S. are truly actively involved in fighting the Islamic State.
CONTENT: There are 100 members of the U.S. Senate. Fifty-seven of them, including Russ Feingold, are lawyers. There are zero manufacturers and one accountant.
CONTENT: This census is also the shortest and least intrusive count in modern history.
CONTENT: The barber regulation here in Missouri is 10,000 words long.the book of Revelation is (also) 10,000 words long.
CONTENT: The Arab and the Muslim nations get twice as much money as Israel.
Node: (20, 29)--------------------
CONTENT: Barack Obama's network of small donors constitutes a "parallel public financing system."
CONTENT: The Paris Agreement is by far the largest number of countries ever to sign an international agreement on a single day.
CONTENT: Oregon and the federal government now have more than one million acres of burnt land and millions of trees are being left to rot.
CONTENT: Lets start with the premise that Rhode Island already has one of the 10 strictest [gun laws] amongst all the states.
CONTENT: Overall we currently have $981 million, almost a billion dollars in active development projects right here in the City of Richmond.
CONTENT: China is or soon will be the largest English-speaking nation in the world.
CONTENT: For the first time in nearly two decades, we produce more oil here in the United States than we buy from the rest of the world.
CONTENT: You've got a building in the Cayman Islands that supposedly houses 12,000 corporations. That's either the biggest building or the biggest tax scam on record.
CONTENT: The federal government owns about half of the West, yet it continues to acquire more land.
CONTENT: The Democratic Party is the oldest continuous political party in the world.
CONTENT: We have the second highest corporate tax rate among our trading partners.
CONTENT: We now have our kids go to school about a month less than most other advanced countries.
CONTENT: We have a $2 trillion to $3 trillion infrastructure deficit. Weve got work that needs to get done. Weve got people that want to go to work.
CONTENT: It (Georgia) was one of the earliest Christian nations. The king of then-Georgia in the third century converted to Christianity.
CONTENT: We have over 300,000,000 weapons, firearms in this country. Thats almost as big as the population.
CONTENT: We have the highest corporate income tax in the world right now.
CONTENT: There is more oil produced at home than we buy from the rest of the world the first time thats happened in nearly 20 years.
CONTENT: We have the highest (corporate tax rates) in the world right now.
CONTENT: Saystheres 400,000 anchor babies born in the United States a year, which areindividuals coming to our country and having their children so their children can be U.S. citizens.
CONTENT: The United States is the oldest democracy in the world.
CONTENT: Oil companies are able to sell oil that costs no more to produce today than it did one year ago.
CONTENT: Do you know what the second sport with the most concussions is? Womens soccer And the third most dangerous sport? Cheerleading.
Node: (21, 0)--------------------
CONTENT: Barack Hussein Obama will ... force courts to accept Islamic Sharia law in domestic disputes.
CONTENT: New federal projections estimate that the health care overhaul will cost $1.76 trillion over 10 years -- well above the $940 billion Democrats originally claimed.
CONTENT: President Barack Obama has the power to stop deportation for all undocumented immigrants in this country.
CONTENT: The Mormon religion has "a plan that will see the Constitution thrown out and replaced by a theocracy."
CONTENT: Barack Obama promises higher taxes on "the sale of your home."
CONTENT: The centerpiece of Senator McCain's education policy is to increase the voucher program in D.C. by 2,000 slots.
CONTENT: The new health care law crushes small businesses with billions in penalties.
CONTENT: U.S. Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse rewarded Wall Street executives with millions in bonuses.
CONTENT: Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama want to raise taxes on all income brackets.
CONTENT: If Congress fails to act, the Obama administration intends to give away control of the internet to an international body akin to the United Nations.
CONTENT: A proposed immigration bill will bankrupt Georgia if passed.
CONTENT: The Obama-Clinton war on coal has cost Michigan over 50,000 jobs.
CONTENT: The U.S. military is at risk of losing its military superiority because our Navy is smaller than its been since 1917. Our Air Force is smaller and older than any time since 1947.
CONTENT: The Democrats plan to raise your tax rates to 70 or 80 percent.
CONTENT: U.S. Rep. Scott Rigell wants gun owners in a federal registration system.
CONTENT: In Rick Perry's Texas, the governor threatens to leave, to secede from the greatest country in the world.
CONTENT: Barack Hussein Obama will ... force local authorities to allow Occupy protesters to live in parks.
CONTENT: The President wants the U.S. to sign on to the U.N.s International Criminal Court.
CONTENT: The Democrats propose a government-controlled health care plan that will deprive roughly 120 million Americans of their current health care coverage.
Node: (21, 1)--------------------
CONTENT: Washington politicians run Social Security like a Ponzi scheme.
CONTENT: Woonsocket needs a garbage-burning power plant because residents are paying through the nose for electricity thats fueled by foreign oil, at prices that are skyrocketing.
CONTENT: Sen. McCain's economic plan gives nearly $4-billion in tax breaks to the oil companies but doesn't provide any tax relief to more than 100-million middle-class families.
CONTENT: Says Obama has doubled the stock market from where we started when he was sworn into office
CONTENT: A new Colorado law literally allows residents to print ballots from their home computers, then encourages them to turn ballots over to collectors.
CONTENT: A gay man who survived #orlando hate crime can STILL show up to work in FL tomorrow and have his boss fire him simply because he is gay.
CONTENT: Ted Strickland stands in lockstep with Hillary Clinton and the abortion lobby in their desire to force Americans to pay for abortion on demand, up until the moment of birth, with their taxpayer dollars.
CONTENT: The Green Bay Packers are a socialist organization.
CONTENT: 43,000 people are going to be kicked out of nursing homes or denied nursing home entrance if the Texas House version of the state budget passes into law.
CONTENT: A Congressional Budget Office report says President Barack Obamas executive order to raise the minimum wage for new federal contract workers will cost the economy 500,000 jobs.
CONTENT: Says her accomplishments include a fiscally responsible budget agreement that controls state spending.
CONTENT: In Washington, Congressman Joe Heck supports privatizing (Social Security), turning our savings over to Wall Street and risking it on the stock market.
CONTENT: Recent census data shows that the average American family spends over $13,000 a year for health care coverage.
Node: (21, 2)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Donald Trump supports an agenda out there to privatize the Veterans Affairshealth care system.
CONTENT: Here, we have Thanksgiving, we have Christmas, we have the 4th of July. Every year in Iran, they celebrate Death to America day.
CONTENT: David Perdue opposes laws that provide equal pay protections for women.
CONTENT: The Democrats in the Senate last year introduced a constitutional amendment to repeal the free speech protections of the First Amendment.
CONTENT: The debt limit deal allows President Obama to borrow unlimited amounts of money.
CONTENT: The reason 29 states no longer have a death tax is that the tax damaged their economic competitiveness.
CONTENT: In the past 27 months, President Barack Obama has created more private-sector jobs than in the Reagan recovery.
CONTENT: [Federal] law says that you cant give in-state tuition to an illegal alien unless you first offer it to any other student regardless of their state of residence.
CONTENT: American troops have never been under the formal control of another nation.
CONTENT: Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walkers move to limit collective bargaining rights has led to riots at the Capitol -- Its like Cairo has moved to Madison these days.
CONTENT: The Republican-authored state budget includes a provision forcing people earning as little as $12,000 to buy private health insurance that could cost them as much as $4,000 per year.
Node: (21, 3)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Ohio budget item later signed into law by Gov. John Kasich requires women seeking an abortion to undergo a mandatory vaginal probe.
CONTENT: Says six studies verify that the math adds up for Mitt Romneys tax plan.
CONTENT: A North Carolina study proves that probably over a million people voted twice in (the 2012) election.
CONTENT: We were told there would never be a case of Ebola in the United States.
CONTENT: Under President Barack Obama, income levels and unemployment numbers are worse now than just about ever for African-Americans.
CONTENT: Under President Barack Obama, 8.3 (million) fewer Americans are working today than there were four years ago.
CONTENT: President Barack Obama has virtually no one in his cabinet with private-sector experience.
CONTENT: Says a lip-reading instructor at the River School, a Washington, D.C., school for the deaf has determined that during 9/11 ceremonies, Michelle Obama said, All this for a damn flag.
CONTENT: Says Florida Gov. Rick Scotts cuts to education are the same as his proposedcorporate income tax rate reduction.
CONTENT: The Supreme Courts views are radically out of step with public opinion regarding its decision to legalize same-sex marriage nationwide.
Node: (21, 4)--------------------
CONTENT: Austin is burdened by the fastest-growing tax increases of any major city in the nation.
CONTENT: Milwaukee Mayor Tom Barrett has held the line on property taxes.
CONTENT: Scott Maddox has run "losing campaigns for 3 of Florida's 4 available cabinet positions."
CONTENT: In just six years, Georgia has dropped from first in the nation from a business-friendly legal climate to 24th.
CONTENT: Says U.S. is giving seven Alaskan islands to Russia.
CONTENT: With Rick Scott, there are more funds for preschool education.
CONTENT: Obamacare puts the federal government between you and your doctor.
CONTENT: Says Barack Obama has gone from blaming George W. Bush to plagiarizing George W. Bush.
CONTENT: Ken Mercer wants Sean Hannity and James Dobson included in social studies texts.
CONTENT: Portland Schools spend $500K to deem PBJ sandwiches racist.
CONTENT: Under Gov. Scott Walker, Wisconsin projected a $1 billion (budget) surplus and it turns out to be a deficit of $2.2 billion.
CONTENT: Senator Obama has the most liberal voting record in the United States Senate.
CONTENT: Scott Walker raises nearly 70 percent of his money from out of state
CONTENT: I am the only candidate for lieutenant governor to oppose in-state tuition for illegal immigrants.
CONTENT: The congressional district for Miami-Dade and Broward counties has a staggering drop-out rate of almost 61 percent.
CONTENT: The Doherty Campaign, unlike the Cicilline Campaign, is funded mostly by individual donors -- not the big PACs that Cicilline relies on.
CONTENT: Americans admire Glenn Beck more than they admire the pope.
CONTENT: Under Scott Walker, the Wisconsin middle class is shrinking at a faster rate than any other state in the country.
CONTENT: Under Randi Shade, Austin has had the highest cost of living of any large Texas city.
CONTENT: Congress and President Obama have accumulated more debt since he took office than the total amount of debt accumulated during the first 200 years of the United States existence.
CONTENT: Under Barack Obama, the fewest number of adults are working since Jimmy Carters presidency.
Node: (21, 5)--------------------
CONTENT: Tom Ganley supports a 23 percent national sales tax that would raise taxes on the middle class while giving a huge tax break to millionaires like himself.
CONTENT: Under Pat McCrory, (North Carolina) has fallen to 41st in teacher pay.
CONTENT: Not even Tim Kaine is willing to say he trusts Hillary Clinton.
CONTENT: Amanda Murphy has two vacation homes around the world.
CONTENT: Wendy Davis has already taken more $ from teacher unions than the past 3 Democrat gubernatorial candidates combined.
CONTENT: In New York City, an entry level janitor gets paid twice as much as an entry level teacher.
CONTENT: Says he has a track record of not raising taxes.
CONTENT: Says Milwaukee County Executive Chris Abele is a billionaire.
CONTENT: In 2011, Carlos Lpez-Cantera staunchly supported a Florida bill modeled after Arizonas immigration law
CONTENT: Lindsay Parkhurst wants to take away programs like Social Security and Medicare that seniors have earned throughout their lifetimes.
CONTENT: A 2011 measure passed into law with Wendy Davis support removes from the attorney general the ability to settle lawsuits just like the school funding case.
CONTENT: Says Dwight Holton has never set foot in an Oregon courtroom.
CONTENT: Says Julie Parrish is one of Sarah Palins mama grizzlies.
CONTENT: While Arkansas seniors depend on Social Security and Medicare, Sen. Mark Pryor supports an overhaul so they couldnt get Social Security until they turn 68 or 69.
Node: (21, 6)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Terry McAuliffe is the person who invented the scheme to rent out the Lincoln Bedroom.
CONTENT: Under Mayor Cicilline, [Providence] was a sanctuary city.
CONTENT: Harry Reid has voted to give special tax breaks to illegal aliens.
CONTENT: Terry McAuliffe has threatened to shut down Virginias government if his budget plan isnt supported.
CONTENT: Cap-and-trade is wildly unpopular with Americans.
CONTENT: Says Ted Cruz is a supporter of legalizing people that are in this country illegally and proposed giving them work permits.
CONTENT: Community banks are being destroyed by Dodd-Frank.
CONTENT: Says U.S. Rep. Sean Duffy is among seven Tea Party freshmen who spent an average of $15,000 on cars for themselves.
CONTENT: Congresswoman Ros-Lehtinen has long record of voting against VA backlog fixes.
CONTENT: Says Patrick Murphy is the only candidate to have voted against every measure to fund Zika.
CONTENT: Roy Barnes is part of the team that has run up trillions of dollars in debt that Americans will spend years paying off, and theyve done it without creating one job.
CONTENT: Rick Scott doesnt have any ties to a lobbyist.
CONTENT: Make no mistake -- Sherrod Brown is one of the main D.C. politicians responsible for Ohio jobs moving to China.
CONTENT: Russ Feingold has not worked anywhere outside of politics.
CONTENT: Job creation has gotten worse each year that Scott Walker has been governor.
CONTENT: Two elections in a row (Waukesha County Clerk Kathy Nickolaus) has screwed up counting the vote
CONTENT: Elizabeth Townsend runs the elections office that omitted a school board race on a ballot and gave a School Board candidate faulty advice.
CONTENT: Harry Reid has voted to give illegals Social Security benefits even for the time they were here illegally.
CONTENT: Two weeks after signing a taxpayer protection pledge, (Charlie Crist) breaks it.
CONTENT: Austin mayoral candidate Steve Adler has never been active in anything that has to do with City Hall.
Node: (21, 7)--------------------
CONTENT: Rep. David Cicilline is responsible for the federal loan guarantee to Solyndra, the failed solar company
CONTENT: Says one out of three U.S. homeless men is a veteran.
CONTENT: The name Frank has risen in popularity by 20 percent since the debut of House of Cardson Netflix.
CONTENT: The Mexican government forces many bad people into our country.
CONTENT: Says. Rep. Joe Barton, R-Texas, once said, Wind is a finite resource and harnessing it would slow the winds down, which would cause the temperature to go up.
CONTENT: In three days last week, (Gov. Rick) Perry flew to five cities at taxpayers expense, holding press conferences, delivering $2,325,000 in checks.
CONTENT: U.S. Reps. Hank Johnson, John Lewis and other members of the Congressional Progressive Caucus are socialists who are openly serving in the U.S. Congress.
CONTENT: The Greenlight Pinellas 1-cent sales tax is permanent, we never get to vote on this again.
CONTENT: The ACLU has filed a suit to have all military cross-shaped headstones removed.
CONTENT: Ted Cruz is unknown to the vast majority of Texans.
CONTENT: For the first time in history, (Thors) hammer is being held by a woman.
CONTENT: When Josh Mandel claims to have accepted three debates with Sen. Sherrod Brown, he is lying. He has accepted ZERO proposed debates.
CONTENT: White House Political Director Patrick Gaspard once served as the "right-hand man" for Bertha Lewis, who heads up ACORN.
CONTENT: Says the new Dodd-Frank financial law requires a 20 percent down payment to buy a house.
CONTENT: Says that while his plan would narrow the time for early voting, it still will be one of the most aggressive early voting time frames in America.
CONTENT: Mayor White has major stake in Barnett Shale production company.
CONTENT: Ann Kuster supports the government takeover of healthcare, which robs Medicare of over $700 billion.
CONTENT: Says that Sherrod Brown is an Obama rubber stamp for supporting the job-killing cap and trade plan.
CONTENT: Congressman Duffy has long record of voting against VA backlog fixes.
CONTENT: Virginia House Speaker Bill Howell is allied to group pushing MIXED SEX BATHROOMS in Stafford Schools.
CONTENT: U.S. Olympic medal winners will owe up to $9,000 to the IRS.
Node: (21, 8)--------------------
CONTENT: Kendrick Meek was #1 in Florida in taking tobacco cash and then opposed a tax on cigars that would have helped pay for childrens health care.
CONTENT: The current (agriculture) commissioner allowed tainted beef to be sent to school cafeterias.
CONTENT: Says under his budget-repair bill, collective bargaining is fully intact.
CONTENT: Says that after she declared her candidacy for Congress, the redistricting process was manipulated to allow incumbent politicians to guarantee their re-election.
CONTENT: Says Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor has animmigrant family background.
CONTENT: A member of the redistricting commission proposed in Issue 2 could accept a bribe from somebody and couldnt be removed from this commission.
CONTENT: (Big banks) have invested over $300,000 in (Joe Heck), and Heck has sponsored $44 million dollars in tax breaks for banks.
CONTENT: Technically, (Ted Cruz is) not even an American.
CONTENT: Obamacare is so flat-out unpopular, that even the Obama administration chose to reject part of Obamacare last Friday, when they tried to throw out the CLASS Act, which is the long-term care function.
CONTENT: [Hillary Clinton]s not trusted -- virtually at all.
CONTENT: A little-known unit of the Department of Justice, the Community Relations Service, was deployed to Sanford, FL, following the Trayvon Martin shooting to help organize and manage rallies and protests against George Zimmerman.
CONTENT: Says Supreme Court nominee Merrick Garlandvoted, so the folks know, in Washington, D.C., to keep guns away from private citizens.
CONTENT: Planned Parenthood has now (been) found to also illegally sell baby parts.
CONTENT: Says Sen. Sherrod Brown voted to keep an extreme, job-killing Internal Revenue Service paperwork mandate.
CONTENT: Says taxpayer resources are being used to facilitate private political agendas through automatic payroll deduction of union dues.
CONTENT: Arkansas Democratic congressional candidate Chad Causey was a Washington, D.C. bureaucrat.
Node: (21, 9)--------------------
CONTENT: Was Martha Kanter dispatched to Corvallis with $17 million in stimulus money to save Craig Robinsons job?
CONTENT: As state Commerce secretary, Mary Burke drafted, sponsored and promoted budgets that raised taxes by billions, created high structural deficits and raided funds to finance huge spending hikes.
CONTENT: Canadian-born Ted Cruz has had a double passport.
CONTENT: Its factually correct to say that Jennifer Brunner inherited at least 18 lawsuits when she came into the office that were a result of Ken Blackwells mismanagement of the 2004 election.
CONTENT: Says award-winning Milwaukee Public Schools teacher Megan Sampson was laid off because Gov. Scott Walker cut state aid to education.
CONTENT: Kendrick Meek was named one of the two most corrupt Democrats in Congress by Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington.
CONTENT: Says its not accidental that the villain in the Batman movie is named Bane.
CONTENT: Foreign Chinese prostitution money is allegedly behind the groups funding Congressman Jim Renaccis Republican majority.
CONTENT: Says that three of these five Republicans -- Ben Westlund, Rob Patridge, Max Williams, Lane Shetterly, Lynn Lundquist -- later became Democrats.
CONTENT: Muslims tried to use Sharia law to influence court decisions in New Jersey and Oklahoma
CONTENT: Says Jeanne Shaheen got behind the idea of using the IRS to target American citizens for their political views.
CONTENT: Three of five detainees swapped (for Bowe Bergdahl) are now ISIS leaders.
CONTENT: One person has been fired at the Veterans Administration for withholding services.
CONTENT: The board of a nonprofit organization on which Obama served as a paid director ... granted funding to a controversial Arab group.
Node: (21, 10)--------------------
CONTENT: Chris Sununu supported Obamas Common Core agenda, taking away local control of our schools.
CONTENT: Says Sen. Pat Toomey even tried to shut down the federal government in order to eliminate funding for Planned Parenthood.
CONTENT: Says Connie Mack IV co-sponsored a bill to take a third of the Social Security Trust Fund ... give it in individual accounts to the senior citizens, who then were to invest it in the stock market.
CONTENT: Says Maryellen OShaughnessy accepted campaign cash from indicted politician Jimmy Dimora.
CONTENT: When Trump wanted to turn a taxpayer-owned building into an $800 anight hotel, (Congressman Jeff Denham, R-CA) helped broker the deal and bragged about it.
CONTENT: Gina Raimondo paid 70 million in taxpayer dollars to millionaire hedge fund managers.
CONTENT: DeWine took $1.9 million from big banks, supported legislation that helped Bernie Madoff make millions and protected predatory lenders while families lost their homes.
CONTENT: Loretta Lynch, the new nominee for attorney general, was a member of Bill Clintons defense team during the 1992 Whitewater corruption probe.
CONTENT: In 2007, Ed Gillespie was paid $300,000 to be the frontman for a coalition that made the individual mandate the centerpiece of its health reform plan.
CONTENT: Says U.S. Rep. Bruce Poliquin voted to force seniors to pay more for prescription drugs.
CONTENT: Says Jeb Bush once held $1 million in family planning grants hostage until the programs receiving the money agreed not to discuss birth control at all.
CONTENT: Says Cathy Jordan was arrested and dragged out of her home by a SWAT team of hooligans for using medical marijuana.
CONTENT: As Houstons mayor, I helped our area lead the nation in job growth.
CONTENT: Days after the (Osama bin Laden) raid, Hollywood was invited into the White House so that they could receive a briefing that revealed intelligence sources and methods.
Node: (21, 11)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Sen. Sherrod Brown voted to block American energy production and increase energy taxes.
CONTENT: Says Merrick Garland authored an opinion that resulted in the release of 17 Guantanamo Bay prisoners who were part of a group of violent Islamist extremists the State Department had designated as terrorists.
CONTENT: Barack Obama had 150 days in the U.S. Senate where he was able to vote quite often 'present.' 
CONTENT: Says he voted to remove Common Core from our schools.
CONTENT: Says Ron Wyden spent $2 million to study exotic ants.
CONTENT: Congressman Nye voted against a bill which would have defunded the $5-10 billion the IRS needed toimplement health care legislation.
CONTENT: Says Russ Feingold supported a stimulus plan that allowed a company to create 3,000 jobs in China.
CONTENT: Says Lamar Smith sponsored the bill that funded Obamacare.
CONTENT: Dan Branch once lobbied for the AFL-CIO.
Node: (21, 12)--------------------
CONTENT: Obama "voted against critical resources: no to individual body armor, no to helicopters, no to ammunition, no to aircraft."
CONTENT: Says Ted Kennedy sent a letter to then Soviet leader Yuri Andropov apologizing for Ronald Reagan and begging the Soviets not to overreact.
CONTENT: Says the goal of the Affordable Care Act was to get 30 million people insured, but it only got 7 million.
CONTENT: Congressman Bill Young voted to cut taxes for millionaires and end your Medicare.
CONTENT: Says many public-employee unions falsely told their Wisconsin members his budget-repair bill sought 12 percent to 13 percent of their incomes for health insurance premiums.
CONTENT: Says he helped bring Uline company to Kenosha area, creating 800 local jobs.
CONTENT: Says Jon Runyan voted to end programs to aid homeless veterans.
CONTENT: Says Mark Udall decided Obamacare. ... He passed Obamacare with his vote.
CONTENT: SaysCongressman Jack Kingston voted to raise his pay seven times.
CONTENT: During his 18-year Senate career, (Russ Feingold) supported judges who voted to deny your individual Second Amendment right. (He) promises to protect those rights, but thats not what his record shows.
Node: (21, 13)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Marco Rubio skipped 18 defense votes including one to arm the Kurds to fight ISIS.
CONTENT: Lawmakers were paid for their off-season efforts to, for the first time, take the lead in drawing borders for two would-be cities.
CONTENT: Said they reached a power-sharing agreement with Republican Lt. Gov. Casey Cagle
CONTENT: Ken Hodges badly botched this investigation and, as a result, justice wasnt done in this case.
CONTENT: Says Barack Obama counted on Sandy Adams to approve stimulus spending.
CONTENT: Travis County residents trusted me to take on Tom DeLay and we won.
CONTENT: Says Ted Cruz never denied his father was photographedwith Lee Harvey Oswald.
CONTENT: We win when voter turnout is high, we lose when it is low.
CONTENT: Stimulus money went to office upgrades for politicians.
CONTENT: Says Democratic recall opponent Mahlon Mitchell sent a letter encouraging folks to boycott more than 100 companies.
CONTENT: Says Romney and Bain Capital drove KB Toys into bankruptcy by loading it up with debt.
CONTENT: (Jack Kingston) had more earmarks at one time than every member of the Georgia delegation put together.
CONTENT: Ninety-six percent of the last session, (U.S. Rep. Henry Cuellar) voted with Nancy Pelosi.
CONTENT: Says PolitiFact listed Governor Scott Walker of Wisconsin as the Governor who told the most lies and our own untruthful Governor Chris Christie made it into Politifacts top five of Lie - en Governors.
CONTENT: Says U.S. Rep. Paul Ryan attacked the president for the same amount of Medicare savings that (Ryan) had in his own budget.
Node: (21, 17)--------------------
CONTENT: Says administrator salaries were increased, but other school employees were left behind.
CONTENT: The pension fund in the city of Providence is only 30 percent funded, about the same level as when he [Taveras] took office.
CONTENT: Says MarcoRubio voted to slash school funding by billions of dollars and would eliminate the Department of Education.
CONTENT: Less than 1 percent of all the education dollars that we spend are spent on private (school) voucher programs.
CONTENT: Our pension system is the only one in the country thats 100 percent funded.
CONTENT: On support for Common Core education standards
CONTENT: We see a quarter-billion dollars in a pension fund that needs to be funded at $1.2 billion.
CONTENT: The Defense Department received only one-half of 1 percent of the nearly trillion-dollar stimulus package funding.
Node: (21, 18)--------------------
CONTENT: Out of 150,000 tenured teachers in the last 10 years, only 17 have been dismissed for incompetence.
CONTENT: Says he represents or has represented about half the San Antonio-rooted district in which he seeks election.
CONTENT: Thirty-eight states -- Georgia not included -- have appointed, rather than elected, state school superintendents.
CONTENT: The average faculty member at UW-Madison brings in close to a quarter million dollars a year in grant money.
CONTENT: There are no tax increases in this debt limit bill. Period.
CONTENT: Cranstons 2014-2015 budget funds 100 percent of the local police and fire pension and other retiree benefit costs.
CONTENT: Just about half of rural hospitals operate in the red in Virginia. They operate at a loss.
CONTENT: Georgia residents file the most insurance claims for lightning strikes in the country.
CONTENT: Wisconsins pension system is the only one fully funded in the country.
Node: (21, 19)--------------------
CONTENT: Fifteen years ago, the assets of the six largest banks in this country totaled 17 percent of GDP ... The assets of the six largest banks in the United States today total 63 percent of GDP.
CONTENT: Floridas high school graduation rate falls well below the national average.
CONTENT: The racial and ethnic makeup of the Gwinnett County Sheriffs Office mirrors the community it serves.
CONTENT: Recovery.gov listed congressional districts that "do not exist."
CONTENT: Rural schools "face the highest dropout rates, the lowest college enrollment rates, have the lowest average teacher salaries..."
CONTENT: What do Rutgers University, Kean University, Montclair State University, New Jersey City University, Stockton College, Rowan University and William Paterson all have in common? They all graduate less than 50 percent of their students within four years.
CONTENT: Says fewer than 30 percent of Texas college students graduate in four years and only 58 percent graduate within six years.
CONTENT: We have about six school districts that are in school 140 to 150 days this year.
CONTENT: DEP has 2,812 employees, the lowest level since the mid-80s.
CONTENT: On Common Core education standards
CONTENT: There are 500 failing schools in North Carolina
Node: (21, 20)--------------------
CONTENT: Says the 2010-11 New Hampshire budget ended with an $18 million surplus, while the Republican-led 2012-13 budget has a $40 million deficit.
CONTENT: This year, the Blackstone Valley Mayoral Academy became the first public school in Rhode Island history to have 100 percent of its elementary-age students proficient in reading on state assessments.
CONTENT: Today, the deficit is below the average deficits over the past 40 years.
CONTENT: Says Fulton County government hasnt raised its millage rate since 1991.
CONTENT: The states that actually have lots of teachers in teacher unions tend to be the states that have done the best in terms of academic success in this country.
CONTENT: There has been a 100 percentincrease in student debt under this Democratic White House.
Node: (21, 21)--------------------
CONTENT: In the last 22 months, businesses have created more than 3 million jobs. Last year, they created the most jobs since 2005.
CONTENT: Borrowing in my 2015-17 state budget is less than half that in my predecessors last budget and the lowest it has been in a decade.
CONTENT: In this city, there hasnt been a stadium thats lasted more than 27 years.
CONTENT: Says when New Jersey adopted guaranteed coverage and cost provisions without a mandate individual health insurance market rates doubled or tripled and enrollment dropped from 180,000 people to 80,000 people.
CONTENT: In 2009, the Small Business Entrepreneurship Council ranked Ohio 11th in the nation and 1st in the Midwest for overall business climate.
CONTENT: The minimum wage in real terms right now is below where it was when Harry Truman was in office.
CONTENT: Says New Jerseys job growth in May represents 25 percent of all the jobs created in the country.
CONTENT: Says student loan interest rates will double from 3.4 percent to 6.8 percent July 1.
CONTENT: Says Ohio Gov. John Kasich had the worst rating on spending of any governor in the country, Republican or Democrat.
CONTENT: Unemployment for those with college educations is now 4.5 percent. Unemployment for those with more than a college education, below 4 percent.
CONTENT: Says David Wu has presided over 137 months in which Oregons unemployment rate has been above the national average.
CONTENT: Texas population is projected to double in the next 50 years or so, but our basic amount of water will remain about where it is now.
CONTENT: Says Milken Institute rated San Antonio as nations top-performing local economy.
CONTENT: Democratic Party candidates for the state Assembly actually received 200,000 more votes statewide than their Republican counterparts in the 2012 election
Node: (21, 22)--------------------
CONTENT: Unemployment among Oregon high school graduates aged 18 to 20 increased more than 200 percent from 2008 to 2011, while the U.S. average increased only 30 percent.
CONTENT: Says under U.S. Sen. Robert Menendezs watch the nations unemployment rate and debt doubled and the federal budget deficit quadrupled.
CONTENT: Before 2005, the percentage of Texas high school students meeting the college readiness standards of the Texas Higher Education Coordinating Board stood at 28% in English and 42% in math. Those figures stood at 65% and 66% in 2013.
CONTENT: Says a recent study shows Florida students are second in the world in fourth grade reading, behind Singapore.
CONTENT: To give a sense of how families are struggling, a record four out of every 10 school kids in Ohio now qualifies for subsidized lunch.
CONTENT: After one year, Tennessees students made their biggest single-year jump in achievement ever recorded in the state.
CONTENT: Says we have put more boots on the U.S.-Mexico border than at any time in our history, and illegal crossings are down by nearly 80 percent from their peak in 2000.
CONTENT: Wisconsins monthly job reports have a margin of error of 75 percent and were way off in eight of first 10 months of 2011.
Node: (21, 23)--------------------
CONTENT: According to a national survey, transit ridership among people age 16 to 34 increased 40 percent between 2001 and 2009.
CONTENT: The extra point is almost automatic. (The NFL) had five missed extra points this year out of 1,200 some odd attempts.
CONTENT: The top 10 most well-paid CEOs in America received a combined $770 million in 2010, while the average American workers wage rose just 2 percent.
CONTENT: On a single night in January 2015, state and local planning agencies in Rhode Island reported the following estimates of homelessness 107 veterans were homeless.
CONTENT: Georgia has had 12 school shootings in the two years since the mass killing at Sandy Hook Elementary School, more than any other state.
CONTENT: Research found that over the course of the existence of the Brady Bill ban, the use of assault weapons in crimes decreased by two thirds.
CONTENT: After Arizona banned smoking in all public places in 2007, admissions for acute myocardial infarction stroke, asthma, [and] angina decreased following the implementation of the ban.
CONTENT: In the Wisconsin health insurance exchange, the Society of Actuaries points out that therell be, according to them, an 82 percent increase in individual premiums over the next couple years under Obamacare.
CONTENT: As a percentage of our gross domestic product, the defense budget remains just 3.6 percent. This figure is low by all historical standards.
CONTENT: Says a university survey concluded his Massachusetts administration had more women in senior leadership positions than any other state in America.
CONTENT: Our debt to GDP ratios, our deficit to GDP ratios are quickly approaching the countries we have been reading about for the last year and a half. We are not far behind Ireland, Greece, Portugal and Spain and all these countries we have been reading about.
CONTENT: The 1908 Model T earned better gas mileage than a typical SUV sold in 2008.
CONTENT: Says that in polls about 2016 candidate leadership skills, he comes out two and three and four times higher than anybody else.
CONTENT: Surveys of teens in high school reveal that knowing a classmate who sells cannabis is 90 times more common than knowing a classmate who sells alcohol.
Node: (21, 24)--------------------
CONTENT: There have been at least 100 shootings each year [Angel Taveras] has been mayor of Providence.
CONTENT: Georgia ranks No. 9 in the rate of women murdered by men.
CONTENT: We had 6,000 oil and gas spills in 2012 with more oil and gas spreading in the United States than the entire Exxon Valdez spill.
CONTENT: Every year tobacco kills more Americans than did World War II more than AIDS, cocaine, heroin, alcohol, vehicular accidents, homicide and suicide combined.
CONTENT: By 12th grade, more than 3 out of 10 girls have been pregnant at least once.
CONTENT: Georgia ranks 49th for women serving in elected state and federal offices.
Node: (21, 25)--------------------
CONTENT: As the usage [of synthetic marijuana] has dramatically increased, instances of violence, bodily harm and even death have risen with it.
CONTENT: The recidivism rate is nearly 29 percent and has been climbing steadily since detainees began being released from Guantanamo.
CONTENT: Mortgage fraud is up 400 percent in the last five years.
CONTENT: In Iraq, civilian deaths, incidents of bombings, etc., remain very low relative to what was going on last year.
CONTENT: Says abortions are decreasing.
CONTENT: There have been more than 300 mass shootings in the United States this year more than any other country in the world.
Node: (21, 26)--------------------
CONTENT: Since 9/11, right-wing extremists (incl anti-abortion, anti-gov) have killed more Americans than Islamic extremists.
CONTENT: The truth is any oil that would be drilled could be sent to any other country in the world, reducing our use of foreign oil not by one single drop.
CONTENT: If you tried to pay out $1 trillion by handing it out at $1 per second, it would take more than 31,000 years.
CONTENT: Extending current tax rates would average more than $100,000 a year to millionaires and even billionaires.
CONTENT: University of Wisconsin Systems reserves are in the mid- to low-range of comparable university systems.
CONTENT: In about three weeks over a half million Floridians are going to lose their coverage again through Obamacare.
CONTENT: Todays marijuana is 300 percent to 800 percent more potent than the pot of yesteryear.
CONTENT: There are 3.6 million jobs sitting vacant, in part because there arent enough qualified applicants to fill them.
CONTENT: The financial penalties imposed on gay couples can cost us more than $300,000 compared with married heterosexual couples over a lifetime.
CONTENT: Says excise taxes are...disproportionately burdening middle- and lower-income consumers.
Node: (21, 27)--------------------
CONTENT: Says allowing the payroll tax holiday to expire would end up costing another estimated 900,000 jobs in 2012.
CONTENT: We have over 700,000 illegal immigrants in the state. Theyre costing us billions of dollars and theyre taking legal residents jobs.
CONTENT: In the do-nothing Senate, there are 352 House bills sitting on Harry Reids desk awaiting action, including 55 introduced by Democrats.
CONTENT: On average it takes 300 Americans working for a solid year to make as much money as one top CEO.
CONTENT: Stabilizing the recent financial crisis will cost less than 1 percent of GDP, which is less than the 2.5 percent to fix the savings and loan crisis of the 1980s.
CONTENT: If you look at the benefits and wages of recorded federal employees, they far outstrip the market rates of the private sector.
CONTENT: The ocean is now much more acidic . . . than it has been for many millions of years.
CONTENT: Radio Marti and TV Marti have spent more than $500 million to reach less than 1 percent of the Cuban population.
CONTENT: Marijuana today is genetically modified, with THC levels that far surpass the marijuana of the 1970s.
CONTENT: The gap between the very rich and everyone else in America is wider today than at any time since the 1920s.
CONTENT: Why are Muslim armies so useless against ISIS? ... There are 20,000 or 30,000 (ISIS fighters). The countries surrounding ISIS have armies totaling 5 million people.
CONTENT: NFL players are living, on average, longer than the average male.
CONTENT: Turkeys today weigh 29.8 pounds. In the 30s, they weighed 13.2 pounds.
Node: (21, 28)--------------------
CONTENT: We have dozens of districts that go for 150 to 200 miles, splitting counties, splintering cities and connecting areas that have very little in common.
CONTENT: While Exxon Mobil has 40 pages on its media response strategy, its plan for resource protection is only five pages long and its plan for oil removal is just nine pages long.
CONTENT: There is no incontrovertible proof that speed, in and of itself, is the contributing factor to increasing (vehicular) fatalities.
CONTENT: Our tax code is so complicated it extracts $140 billion in extra tax preparation costs every year - one thousand dollars for every American family.
CONTENT: Last year, Korea sold nearly half a million cars in our country. ... The United States, you know how much we sell to them? Six thousand. What kind of deal is that?
CONTENT: Says scientists predict sometime in the future, an event that will kill somewhere between 80 and 90 million people.
CONTENT: We borrow $4 billion every single day, much of it from China.
CONTENT: Millions of dollars are spent by Planned Parenthood to elect Democrats to the House of Representatives and the Senate.
CONTENT: The actions Im taking are the kinds of actions taken by every single Republican president and every single Democratic president for the past half-century.
CONTENT: For several days in July of 2012, Greenland surface ice cover melted more than at any time in 30 years of satellite observation. During that month, an estimated 97% of the ice sheet thawed.
CONTENT: Oregon, once again, remains among the top five hungriest states in the nation.
CONTENT: The United States is 65th out of 142 nations and other territories on equal pay.
CONTENT: Even though men comprise 49% of the population, they hold 80% of the lawmaking power in the Legislature (144 of 181 seats).
Node: (21, 29)--------------------
CONTENT: If you got rid of the income tax today you'd have about as much revenue as we had 10 years ago.
CONTENT: The top one-tenth of 1 percent now owns almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent.
CONTENT: We are number one in the world when it comes to energy resources. ... The Russians are second; Saudi Arabia is number three.
CONTENT: When he served as governor, Schwarzenegger preserved more land than any other gubernatorial administration in Californias history.
CONTENT: If we got solar energy from an area of the Southwestern desert 100 miles on a side, that would be enough, in and of itself, to provide 100 percent of all the electricity needs for the United States of America in a full year.
CONTENT: America owns 3 percent of the worlds oil but consumes 25 percent of its global reserves.
CONTENT: The federal government owns 30 percent of the land in the 50 states, or about 650 million acres.
CONTENT: Drilling in ANWR would have minimal impact, covering only "2,000 out of 20-million acres."
CONTENT: China is going to have twice the number of submarines we have in just over a decade.
CONTENT: In every single country, she had a majority of the vote -- or more of those who'd already made up their minds.
CONTENT: Two days of interest we pay to China is enough to buy one joint strike fighter [jet].
CONTENT: If we increase fuel efficiency standards to 40, 45 miles a gallon, we would have to import zero oil from the Middle East.
CONTENT: If the space-shuttle program is terminated, Russia and China will be the only nations ...with the capability to launch humans into space.
CONTENT: We have 17 intelligence agencies, civilian and military, who have all concluded that these espionage attacks, these cyberattacks, come from the highest levels of the Kremlin, and they are designed to influence our election.
CONTENT: The 2000 Census cost $4.5 billion. The 2010 Census is set to cost up to $14.5 billion.
CONTENT: No one in Rhode Island -- not just children, no one in Rhode Island -- should eat more than one serving of freshwater fish caught in our state each month.
CONTENT: The United States has a supply of "more than 100 years of natural gas."
CONTENT: When you sanction the Iranian central bank, that will shut down (Irans) economy.
CONTENT: We spend more on health care than any other country, but we're ranked 47th in life expectancy and 43rd in child mortality.
CONTENT: Two-thirds of our economy is a consumer economy.
CONTENT: There is not one single federal housing program yet that has not needed a bailout to survive.
CONTENT: [Tailpipe emissions rules], if fully implemented with all the regulations that go with it, they will keep the temperature from rising nearly five one-hundredths of a degree Fahrenheit. By 2050.
CONTENT: Pakistan has 100 nuclear warheads and theyre rushing to build a lot more. Theyll have more than Great Britain sometime in the relatively near future.
CONTENT: If you look at any real analysis, the Trans-Pacific Partnership is going to generate better-paying jobs that are more stable.
CONTENT: In the past three years, weve added enough new oil and gas pipeline to circle the Earth and then some.
CONTENT: We are about halfway to the presidents goal to cut greenhouse gas emissions and about half of that is because of the substitution of natural gas for coal in the power sector.
Node: (22, 0)--------------------
CONTENT: John McCain, "one of the richest people in a Senate filled with millionaires," says the solution to the housing crisis is for people to get a "second job" and "skip their vacations."
CONTENT: The Republicans still want to privatize (Social Security). In fact, their whole idea is to turn over the Social Security trust fund to Wall Street.
CONTENT: John McCain offers "billions in tax breaks for oil and drug companies, but almost nothing for families like yours."
CONTENT: With his decision on whether to fire Gen. Stanley McChrystal, President Obama has to fix yet another problem he inherited from the Bush administration.
CONTENT: The health care law imposes the largest tax increase in history on the middle class.
CONTENT: The Chamber of Commerce says new carbon regulations will kill 244,000 jobs a year and cost average families $1,200 a year.
CONTENT: Claims Joe Biden said coal is more dangerous than terrorists.
CONTENT: Greg Abbott said it would be a waste to expand pre-k to all Texas children.
CONTENT: U.S. Sen. Lindsey Graham says South Carolina has a labor shortage and wants more immigration.
CONTENT: President Barack Obamas budget threatens national security by proposing an Army of fewer personnel than we had before Pearl Harbor.
CONTENT: When I became governor, I inherited a large deficit. You know what? We just turned that into the largest surplus in Virginia history.
CONTENT: Donald Trump says all Mexicans are rapists.
CONTENT: The administration raises revenue for nationalized health care through a series of new taxes, including a light switch tax that would cost every American household $3,128 a year.
CONTENT: President Obamas lawsuit claims it is unconstitutional for Ohio to allow servicemen and women extended early voting privileges during the states early voting period.
CONTENT: Accuses Ed FitzGerald of pay-to-play and corruption politics.
CONTENT: Links jailed lobbyist Jack Abramoff to Rep. C.W. Bill Young.
CONTENT: Says Barack Obama is a hypocrite for criticizing President George W. Bushs drone attack program, then using it aggressively as president.
CONTENT: The Pentagon itself says that we could eliminate 20 percent of U.S. bases.
CONTENT: The newly proposed House Republican budget abolishes Medicare within 10 years.
CONTENT: Denies that he said the Obama campaign "played the race card."
CONTENT: Photos prove the Denver light rail system has low ridership.
CONTENT: Scott Walkers income tax plan is a tax hike. It increases taxes for nearly 80% of the people in the state.
CONTENT: Fox admits they lie and, under the First Amendment, have the right to lie or deliberately distort news reports on public airwaves.
CONTENT: The attorney general requires that rape victims pay for the rape kit.
CONTENT: Mitt Romney, Rick Perry, and Newt Gingrich all say they would cut foreign aid to Israel and every other country to zero.
Node: (22, 1)--------------------
CONTENT: Three years ago, a newly elected President Obama told America that if Congress approved his plan to borrow nearly a trillion dollars, he would hold unemployment below 8 percent.
CONTENT: Says President Obamas deal allows Iran to produce a nuclear weapon.
CONTENT: Says U.S. Rep. Tammy Baldwin, a candidate for Senate, supports raising taxes by $858 billion.
CONTENT: There is debate among constitutional scholars about whether the First Amendment will continue to protect faith leaders from being forced to perform marriages against their religious beliefs.
CONTENT: The platform of the Republican Party says deport everybody and to hell with it.
CONTENT: Claims that former Sen. Tom Daschle said, "Seniors should be more accepting of the conditions that come with age instead of treating them."
CONTENT: A new federal program provides subsidized "Obama phones" with 70 free minutes of cell phone service every month.
CONTENT: Georgia Secretary of State Brian Kemp is a "career politician."
CONTENT: We are bogged down in a war that John McCain now suggests might go on for another 100 years.
CONTENT: The presidents come out with rules that say, No new coal-fired power plants.
CONTENT: Says Donald Trump bans disabled veterans from his high rise.
CONTENT: Proof of citizenship isnt necessary before you register to vote in Florida.
CONTENT: The health care law imposes a federal mandate requiring middle-class Americans to buy health insurance whether they can afford it or not.
CONTENT: I would love to see us have in this country what I helped lead in Arkansas...Amendment 65 (which) says that we believe life begins at conception, and that we ought to do everything in the world possible to protect it until its natural conclusion.
Node: (22, 2)--------------------
CONTENT: Sixty-five percent of the Iraqi people now say it's okay to shoot an American soldier.
CONTENT: There have even been Republican congressmen who have said, If you give us more money we dont know where we would even put additional Border Patrol agents.
CONTENT: Newt Gingrichs presidential campaign has exactly the same challenges as Ronald Reagans successful 1980 bid.
CONTENT: GOP candidate for governor Nathan Deal is a former Clinton Democrat.
CONTENT: It is the Department of Homeland Security's view that returning military veterans and gun owners are likely to commit terrorist acts.
CONTENT: An account of attacks in Benghazi written by former White House press secretary Dee Dee Myers shows that the body of U.S. Ambassador to Libya Christopher Stevens was dragged through the streets and abused.
CONTENT: The only budget Ted Cruz ever voted for in his time in the Senate is a budget that cut defense spending by more than Barack Obama proposes we cut it.
CONTENT: Says both Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton say Planned Parenthood is terrificand that it should keep taxpayer funding.
CONTENT: Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders have the identical position on health care, which is they want to put the government in charge of you and your doctor.
CONTENT: I'm predicting (the Saints) will go not only undefeated, but all the way through the Super Bowl -- something that's never been done before.
CONTENT: Says a new national poll shows the majority of the American people believe we should have a gold standard for U.S. currency.
CONTENT: Says Barack Obama told the U.S. Coast Guard Academy that the number one threat to the military and the world today is global warming.
CONTENT: A bill supported by Gov. Scott Walker makes it so that drunk drivers who kill have an easier time of it.
CONTENT: Says a Justice Department memo directs that you must openly embrace gay marriage and homosexuality.
CONTENT: The Clean Power Plan is something that Sen. Sanders has said he would delay implementing.
CONTENT: A Scott Rothstein victim says that he was swindled by Charlie Crist.
CONTENT: In Texas, we teach both creationism and evolution in our public schools.
CONTENT: The bill also provides full federal funding for abortions
CONTENT: President Obamas health care law says when you sell your house now you have to pay a 3.8 percent tax.
CONTENT: A defense bill includes language that would require military hospitals to provide abortions on demand.
CONTENT: Iran "might not be a superpower, but the threat the government of Iran poses is anything but 'tiny,'" as Obama says.
CONTENT: The state constitution clearly says theres not to be a state income tax in Tennessee.
CONTENT: Says Barack Obama is the only president to ever cut $500 billion from Medicare.
CONTENT: Justice Antonin Scalia agreed for the Supreme Court to hear a case about whetherBarack Obama is eligible to be President.
CONTENT: Says Ted Strickland admits his record on jobs and taxes is mixed and spotty.
Node: (22, 3)--------------------
CONTENT: Women and men both are making less when you adjust for inflation than when John Kitzhaber was first elected governor.
CONTENT: Obama says Iran is a 'tiny' country, 'doesn't pose a serious threat.'
CONTENT: On immigration reform, Marco Rubio all along has been saying, We have to have border security first and then he gets on Spanish TV, he ends up saying, No, no. That will never get in the way.
CONTENT: Twenty percent of single adults, ages 21 to 25 with no kids, are not working or even in school trying to find a job.
CONTENT: Says any attempt to try to compare the Massachusetts health care law with the federal health care law is completely, intellectually dishonest. Governor Romney did not raise one tax in doing what he did.
CONTENT: Obama says Iran is a 'tiny' country, 'doesn't pose a serious threat.'
CONTENT: That 59 divisions in Philly had no votes for Romney in 2012 is (a) mathematical and statistical impossibility.
CONTENT: Says Gov. Rick Perry has never held a private-sector job.
CONTENT: The Texas Constitution still contains Jim Crow provisions about the poll tax and restrictions on women having the right to vote.
CONTENT: In contrast to President Barack Obama, who is not acting presidential, President Ronald Reagan would never go into the Oval Office without his jacket on thats how much he revered the presidency.
CONTENT: Says Peter Kilmartin has only three years experience in his own law practice.
CONTENT: Our children do not spend any time in school learning about our own U.S. Constitution.
CONTENT: Education Week says Obama 'hasn't made a significant mark on education,' is 'elusive' on accountability, and a 'staunch defender of the existing public school monopoly.'
CONTENT: Says Barack Obama is the only American president who has not visited the D-Day Monument in Normandy on D-Day.
CONTENT: Says Connie Mack takes two homestead exemptions, directly contrary to Floridas Constitution.
CONTENT: Studies show that if we opened one reserve in Alaska now, in five years, gas prices could be at $2 a gallon.
CONTENT: We continue to see these isolated incidents of people trying to vote five, six times a day.
CONTENT: Says Barack Obama said that ordinary men and women are too small-minded to govern their own affairs and that individuals should surrender their rights to an all-powerful sovereign.
CONTENT: Says President Barack Obama is not paying women equally by his own measures in his own White House.
CONTENT: Claims that Rep. Sanford Bishop votes similar to House Speaker Nancy Pelosi are inaccurate.
CONTENT: Says the one person (Donald Trump)has suggested that would make a good justice is his sister, who is a court of appeals judge appointed by Bill Clinton. She is a hardcore pro-abortion liberal judge.
CONTENT: Wisconsin women are paid 81 cents to the dollar of a man doing the same job.
CONTENT: John McCain has given erratic and inconsistent answers on when troops should return from Iraq.
Node: (22, 4)--------------------
CONTENT: Says David Jolly supports privatizing Social Security.
CONTENT: Massachusetts public schools teach kids as young as kindergartners about gay marriage.
CONTENT: Gov. Chris Christie owes the state money for amenities like extra Gorgonzola cheese for his staff on these trips.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clinton is proposing destroying Medicare for seniors.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clintons plan is going to raise taxes and even double your taxes.
CONTENT: The form students fill out to get college financial aid is "longer than the form to get U.S. citizenship."
CONTENT: More whites believe in ghosts than believe in racism.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clinton and Ralph Northam label police as racists.
CONTENT: President Obama is a Muslim.
CONTENT: Says John Kitzhaber wants a sales tax so people without jobs pay taxes.
CONTENT: In Liberia, a girl is more likely to be married by 18 than to know how to read.
CONTENT: John McCain worries about nuclear waste in Arizona, but not in Nevada.
Node: (22, 5)--------------------
CONTENT: Carol Shea-Porter wants to increase taxes on small business and job creators.
CONTENT: Says Michelle Obama has 43 people on her staff; Nancy Reagan had just 3.
CONTENT: Says Tammy Baldwin supports a law in which government will take over your decisions on medicine, on doctors and on hospitals.
CONTENT: Says Milwaukee County Parks director Sue Black has not received a pay raise in five years.
CONTENT: Kathleen Peters refuses to take a stand to repeal Obamacare.
CONTENT: Barack Obama loves Che Guevara.
CONTENT: Says Rep. Betty Sutton supports allowing welfare fund withdrawals from strip clubs, casinos and liquor stores.
CONTENT: Chris Coons has Marxist beliefs.
CONTENT: Says Jeb Bush appointed a guardian for the fetus of a rape survivor.
CONTENT: Daniel Webster is an advocate for a group that teaches that mothers should not work outside the home.
CONTENT: Wendy Davis raised money for a U.S. House Democrat who is a member of a Democratic socialists group.
CONTENT: Says she does the jobs of state auditor, secretary of state and lieutenant governor for less than the price of one of them in Washington state.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clinton aide Huma Abedin has ties to the Muslim Brotherhood.
CONTENT: Pam Bondi refuses to take a position on the gay-adoption ban.
CONTENT: U.S. Rep. Phil Gingrey wants public schools to teach women to stay in their place.
CONTENT: Frankly, (Hillary Clinton) doesnt do very well with women.
CONTENT: Rob Teilhet, Just another career politician.
Node: (22, 6)--------------------
CONTENT: This year in Congress (Connie Mack IV) has missed almost half of his votes.
CONTENT: Former Atlanta Public Schools Superintendent Beverly Hall left the school district significantly better than she found it.
CONTENT: Says Planned Parenthood CEO Cecile Richards was forced to concede that 86 percent of Planned Parenthoods revenue is from abortion.
CONTENT: Says Ted Cruz supports legalizing people who are in this country illegally.
CONTENT: Sen. Barbara Boxer voted against immigration reform to permit (Hispanic immigrants) people to come here legally to work.
CONTENT: Says former U.S. Rep. Carol Shea-Porter refused to host town hall meetings during her time in Congress.
CONTENT: Jack Berry voted for a plan to cut $23.8 million from our schools.
CONTENT: Says Charlie Bass supports Paul Ryan plan that forces seniors to pay $6,400 a year more for health care so millionaires can pay less in taxes.
CONTENT: In 2010, Betty Sutton voted to destroy Medicare.
CONTENT: Sheldon Whitehouse voted for a $525-billion tax increase on the middle class.
CONTENT: Says Congressman Eric Cantor wants to eliminate Social Security.
CONTENT: Harry Reid voted to use taxpayer dollars to pay for Viagra for convicted child molesters and sex offenders.
CONTENT: Says Rep. Tammy Duckworth has been a staunch supporter of expanding the spending, size and reach of the IRS.
CONTENT: Says Bernie Sanders has been largely a very reliable supporter of the NRA.
Node: (22, 7)--------------------
CONTENT: Says U.S. Sen. Sherrod Brown is responsible for over $14 trillion in debt.
CONTENT: Says U.S. Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz voted to cut off Floridas veterans and their benefits.
CONTENT: Says Milwaukee County district attorney candidate Verona Swanigan has worked as a prosecutor.
CONTENT: Congressman McCollum voted to dismantle Social Security.
CONTENT: By voting for Obamacare, Sen. Kay Hagan voted to kill the equivalent of 2.5 million jobs.
CONTENT: Says Jeanne Shaheen voted to pave the way for a new national energy tax.
CONTENT: The cap-and-trade bill before Congress prevents you from selling your home without the permission of the EPA administrator.
CONTENT: Ron Oakleys conservative leadership protected local taxpayers over government bureaucrats as theWater Management Districts budget decreased by 58 percent in the four years he served on the board.
CONTENT: In Congress Tom Barrett voted to allow abortions through the ninth month, just moments before the baby is born.
CONTENT: E-mail quotes Maureen Dowd column that Obama has received suspicious contributions from Saudi Arabia, Iran and China.
CONTENT: Tom Barrett voted for the largest tax increase in history ... raising taxes on gas and Social Security.
CONTENT: Creflo Dollar has endorsed Republican Donald Trump for president.
CONTENT: After actions by Gov. Scott Walker and Republicans, Wisconsin is dead broke.
CONTENT: Pam Bonditold a group of lobbyists shell side with corporate special interests as attorney general.
CONTENT: Ann McLane Kuster is for a government takeover of health care more radical than Obamacare. And she supports a $700 billion cut to Medicare for current retirees.
CONTENT: The Senate voted this week to allow illegal aliens access to Social Security benefits.
CONTENT: Bill Nelson voted for a ban on millions of commonly owned firearms, which included many popular hunting and target rifles.
CONTENT: Frank Guinta voted to make middle class taxpayers pay over a $1,000 more a year in taxes.
CONTENT: Says (t)his 12 year council Seat-warmer has never chaired, vice chaired, or led a single Council committee meeting.
CONTENT: Says Wisconsin Assembly Republicans voted to repeal a law that ensures that women cannot get paid less than a man for doing the same job.
CONTENT: Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walkers budget okays disposing of unclaimed pound dogs to university research facilities.
CONTENT: On most things except witch trials, Virginia will always have been first.
CONTENT: Alex Sink wants to cut Medicare.
CONTENT: Says Russ Feingold voted to give Social Security benefits to illegal immigrants
CONTENT: Rep. Carol Shea-Porter votes with Nancy Pelosis Democrats 95 percent of the time, but Frank Guinta will take on both parties and has independent New Hampshire values.
CONTENT: With Obamacare, were fixing to get hit with the biggest entitlement program the American taxpayers have ever seen.
CONTENT: A judge took the Star Scientific tax case away from Ken Cuccinelli
CONTENT: Stopped by Smiley Cookie to pick up some great cookies for the family, along with Rudy.
Node: (22, 8)--------------------
CONTENT: Barack Obamas Columbia University ID says he was a foreign student and went by Barry Soetoro.
CONTENT: Says Jeanne Shaheen voted for a measure that would have amounted to a new national energy tax.
CONTENT: Democrats in the Legislature in 2009 voted for various pork projects including a $5 million scoreboard for the Milwaukee Bucks.
CONTENT: Says Texas Railroad Commissioner Michael Williams has attended more than 150 tea party gatherings.
CONTENT: Kesha Rogers is not a Democrat.
CONTENT: Cap and trade legislation that Zack Space supported would cost the average household approximately $1,761 per year in increased energy rates.
CONTENT: (Mary) Burke was a senior member of the Doyle administration that left Wisconsin with 130,000 fewer jobs.
CONTENT: Patrick Murphy voted for Obamacare in 2010, yet he reversed himself and voted to delay the employer mandate and the individual mandate.
CONTENT: Last year, I was involved with an effort to to help prosecutors get their first pay raise in more than 10 years.
CONTENT: On Tim Kaine: In exchange for campaign contributions, he appointed a radical jihadi to the Virginia Immigration Commission.
CONTENT: Says he didnt call Dr. George Tiller a baby killer, as liberal groups charge, but was merely reporting what some prolifers branded him.
CONTENT: The Koch brothers alone gave twice as much money to Scott Walker as the total amount of money raised by Tom Barrett.
CONTENT: Giving money to politicians has paid off for Paul Workman. Workman gave thousands to politicians and got millions in government construction projects.
CONTENT: Hes been in office nearly four years now, but 40% of Wisconsinites dont know who (U.S. Sen.) Ron Johnson is.
CONTENT: Says Morgan Carroll opposed requiring convicted sex offenders to register their online profiles, making it harder to track online sex offenders and child predators.
CONTENT: Sheriffs Call For Obamas Lynching While Leader Meets With GOP Senators
CONTENT: Says drug dealers have overdosed on purpose to avoid prosecution.
CONTENT: Who are the most consistently misinformed media viewers? Fox viewers, consistently, every poll.
CONTENT: Democrat Stephen Webber voted to allow sex offenders to be within 500 feet of childcare centers and playgrounds, and even voted to allow sex offenders to be coaches.
Node: (22, 9)--------------------
CONTENT: On tax inversions, the Wall Street Journalsurprisingly attacked this tax scheme.
CONTENT: Charlie Crist "worked with Acorn" to give felons voting rights.
CONTENT: Scott Walker opposed a plan to help Wisconsin students refinance their student loans.
CONTENT: After Patrick Murphys charges were dropped, Murphys father gave the prosecutor a huge campaign donation.
CONTENT: According to recent reports, a group of death panels organized under Obamacare ordered their first execution.
CONTENT: My opponent, in 2008, had contributions investigated by the federal government.
CONTENT: Clinton "refused repeated requests to meet with the Gold Star Mothers."
CONTENT: Says I worked with our Mayor and other commissioners to help save the school year when a budget crisis in Salem threatened to cut four weeks of the school year, including negotiating with teachers to work for free.
CONTENT: For the votes that we got, I think we spent, on average, two bucks a pop. Compared to 42 bucks for incumbent Milwaukee County Executive Chris Abele.
CONTENT: Prop 56 cheats schools out of at least $600 million.
CONTENT: The Denver Post has actually hired an editor to promote pot.
CONTENT: In her campaign for president, Hillary Clinton has received $100 million in contributions from Wall Street and hedge funds.
Node: (22, 10)--------------------
CONTENT: In 2005, Dan Branch tried to expand third-trimester abortions in Texas.
CONTENT: Says Attorney General Loretta Lynch was a member of Bill Clintons defense team during the 1992 Whitewater corruption probe.
CONTENT: The Central Falls School system spent $100,000 on a time clock.
CONTENT: Dan Gecker voted to double vehicle registration fees, costing (Chesterfield) county residents over $6 million annually.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clinton had an undercover nurse with her at the Sept. 11 memorial ceremony in New York.
CONTENT: Says she was never a member of the Georgia Log Cabin Republicans.
CONTENT: ISIS leader Abu Bakr al Baghdadi was released by Obama in 2009.
CONTENT: I helped pass what, if enacted, would be the largest tax cut in Texas history through the State Senate.
CONTENT: Says legislation supported by gay rights activists would strip mother and father from future Texas birth certificates.
CONTENT: Voter fraud provided a portion of the margin of victory of Democrat John Lehman over Republican Sen. Van Wanggaard in a state Senate recall election.
CONTENT: In 2005 and 2007, Joe Straus received a 100 percent rating by NARAL (the National Abortion and Reproductive Rights Action League).
CONTENT: Del. Ben Chafin took money away from Southwest Virginia schools while votingto build a politicians palace.
CONTENT: Hillary interned with Bob Treuhaft, the head of the California Communist Party.
CONTENT: Says he was the first local official to endorse Barack Obama
CONTENT: Says his plan would cut taxes without increasing the deficit.
CONTENT: Mr. Hurt would re-open that darn (Medicare) doughnut hole.
CONTENT: Says Russ Feingold got paid $8,000 a lecture at Stanford University.
CONTENT: Says that hes responsible for Austinincluding Anderson Mill Road in the citys proposed transportation bond package.
CONTENT: Last year, I stopped an Obamacare bailout and saved taxpayers $2.5 billion.
CONTENT: Democratic U.S. House candidate Julie Lassa pushed for a Canadian-style government takeover of health care.
Node: (22, 11)--------------------
CONTENT: The Richardson-Denish administration gave 50,000 drivers licenses to illegal immigrants in New Mexico.
CONTENT: Barack Obama appeared in the video for 'Whoomp! (There it is!)'
CONTENT: Says opponent Bill Flores helped run a company that laid off over 3,000 workers and paid off executives with millions.
CONTENT: During the lead-up to the American Revolutionary War, some guy in Boston got his head blown off because he tried to secretly raise the tax on tea.
CONTENT: Says Arkansas Republican Rep. Tom Cotton voted to provide Congress with taxpayer-funded health care for life.
CONTENT: Says Saddam Hussein had a 10-year relationship with al-Qaida.
CONTENT: The leader of ISIS was imprisoned by American troops and ordered released to Iraq by Obama administration in 2009.
CONTENT: Says MarkKirk called for the mass arrest of 18,000 African Americans andwas apparently fine with Trumps #StillTooRacist call for mass deportation.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clinton laid the groundwork for getting chemical weapons out of Syria.
CONTENT: Were bankrupt.
CONTENT: I sponsored and was the co-sponsor of the only legislation that ever passed that had E-Verify provisions in it back in 2010 when I served in the Legislature.
CONTENT: Many of (Hillary Clintons) friends took bigger deductions (than me). Warren Buffett took a massive deduction. (George) Soros, who is a friend of hers, took a massive deduction.
CONTENT: Says a car driving former University of Missouri System President Tim Wolfe ran through the students, hit one of them at the MU Homecoming Parade.
CONTENT: Every 28 hours an unarmed black person is shot by a cop.
CONTENT: Ken Cuccinelli tried to shut down state government.
CONTENT: PolitiFact Oregon gave Rob Cornilles a Pants on Fire for a claim about taxes and fees.
CONTENT: Says Michael Cargill was arrested and incarcerated in Bell County.
CONTENT: Says he was exonerated in every single case in 1990s ethics violations charges.
Node: (22, 12)--------------------
CONTENT: Says state Rep. Sandy Pasch did nothing to stop people from scamming the Wisconsin Shares child-care subsidy program and voted against funding for fraud investigators.
CONTENT: Mark Warners record is one of acting against the Keystone XL pipeline.
CONTENT: We worked together to enact ... the largest tax cut in Florida history.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clinton savaged the dignity of people who accused Bill Clinton of sexual harassment or assault and shamed them.
CONTENT: Says President Franklin Delano Roosevelt sent his advisers to study socialism with Soviet dictator Josef Stalin so the president could replicate it in the United States.
CONTENT: The 2009-11 state budget that Democrats approved left Wisconsin taxpayers $3.6 billion in debt.
CONTENT: Refinanced $232.6 million in bonds, resulting in reduced debt service for the City.
CONTENT: I was appointed U.S. attorney by President Bush on Sept. 10, 2001.
Node: (22, 13)--------------------
CONTENT: Not one Republican has the guts to recognize that climate change is real.
CONTENT: The ACLU didnt call for an investigation (of the Newark police department), they called for an immediate federal monitor.
CONTENT: Obamacare passed by just one vote in the Senate. It wouldnt have passed without Mark Warners vote.
CONTENT: Cigarette butts poison babies and small children because of the nicotine in them.
CONTENT: Says Chuck Hagels nomination as defense secretary has been publicly celebrated by the Iranian government.
CONTENT: Terry McAuliffe cashed in, walking away with millions from the demise of Global Crossing.
CONTENT: German citizens were disarmed by their government in the late 1930s, which allowed the Nazis to carry out their evil intentions with relatively little resistance.
CONTENT: Says Sherrod Browns campaign attacked Josh Mandels military service
CONTENT: All the money the Department of Citrus has is paid for by the citrus growers. You dont save dollars by eliminating the Department of Citrus.
CONTENT: Says Wisconsin Supreme Court candidate JoAnne Kloppenburg put an 80-year-old farmer in jail for refusing to plant native vegetation on his farm.
CONTENT: I negotiated open borders to let fleeing refugees into safety from Kosovo.
CONTENT: After initially agreeing with Republicans on an amount for Zika funding, Democrats derailed it.
CONTENT: The Obama administration "was successful in rushing a massive spending bill through Congress in just two days after which it sat on the president's desk for three days, while he was away on vacation."
CONTENT: Newly Elected Republican Senators Sign Pledge to Eliminate Food Stamp Program in 2015.
CONTENT: State pension fund staffers lost billions. Then Sink gave them bonuses.
CONTENT: The Every Student Succeeds Act did away basically with Common Core.
CONTENT: When the mayor of Providences brother wrote over 100 grand in bad checks to the city, Joe Fernandez didnt have the guts to prosecute him. He let him off the hook.
CONTENT: Last year, ExxonMobil made $19 billion in profit. Guess what. They paid zero in taxes. They got a $156 million refund from the IRS.
Node: (22, 14)--------------------
CONTENT: The legislature was never given the opportunity to debate or vote on loaning $75 million to 38 Studios.
CONTENT: The federal health care plan "costs Texas taxpayers $2.4 billion per year."
CONTENT: Says U.S. Rep. Paul Ryans budget proposal eliminates Medicare in 10 years.
CONTENT: Kip Kinkel and Clackamas Town Center shootings both where citizen with gun stopped the crime
CONTENT: After Hurricane Katrina, Dallas and San Antonio took in 5,000 to 10,000 refugees each, but (Bill) White brought in 250,000 and put them up in his buddies empty apartment buildings and let the federal government pay their rents for over two years. They did not return to New Orleans, most of them are on welfare.
CONTENT: Insurers delayed an Illinois man's treatment, and he died because of it.
CONTENT: Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents, but costs are out of control, more than $4 billion. Cancel order!
CONTENT: Sen. Robert Bennett, R-Utah, cast votes for TARP, the stimulus, and an individual mandate for health care.
Node: (22, 17)--------------------
CONTENT: The estimated savings of this (debt ceiling) deal only pay for half of the cost of extending all of the Bush-era tax cuts for another decade.
CONTENT: Says personal-injury trial lawyers have provided over 80 percent of the funding for the Texas Democratic Party for over a decade.
CONTENT: The Georgia Lottery paid out $2.3 billion in prizes during the last fiscal year.
CONTENT: The Libertarian Party is the third-largest political party in the U.S.
CONTENT: Say Portland Public Schools central administration makes up less than 4 percent of the staff.
CONTENT: Says $57,000 is the mean [income] in our state for a family.
Node: (22, 18)--------------------
CONTENT: The Atlanta Braves are the oldest continuously operating professional sports franchise in America.
CONTENT: The Fulton County vote count will be finished by 11:30 p.m. on election night.
CONTENT: The largest number of bankruptcies in our country are really as a result of health care.
CONTENT: The town of Cumberland has its highest bond rating in history.
CONTENT: Of minimum wage workers in Rhode Island only 14 percent serve as sole income earner for their family.
CONTENT: There are 86 languages spoken at Miami Dade College.
Node: (22, 19)--------------------
CONTENT: The average age of members of the House of Representatives is 57 years old.
CONTENT: Georgia has the most restrictive ballot access laws in the country.	elections	mary-n			independent	0	0	0	0	0	a television interview
3666.json	false	On whether the federal debt limit should be raised	federal-budget	barack-obama	President	Illinois	democrat	70	71	160	163	9	an interview with George Stephanopoulos
4608.json	true	When George W. Bush was governor of Texas, the percentage uninsured went down. Under his successor, Rick Perry, its gone up.	children,health-care,new-hampshire-2012	mitt-romney	Former governor	Massachusetts	republican	34	32	58	33	19	a Republicam debate in Hanover, N.H.
11023.json	false	Says his book,The Art of the Deal,is the No. 1 selling business book of all time.	candidates-biography,job-accomplishments	donald-trump	President-Elect	New York	republican	63	114	51	37	61	remarks on CNN.
2096.json	true	Democrats in the 1930s wanted President Franklin Roosevelt to be more conservative.	history,pundits,abc-news-week	george-will	Columnist	Maryland	columnist	7	6	3	5	1	a roundtable discussion on ABC's This Week
12853.json	true	Says Danny Tarkanian wants to defund Planned Parenthood and would outlaw a womans right to choose, even in cases of rape or incest.	abortion	jacky-rosen		Nevada	democrat	0	0	0	0	0	a press release.
12670.json	false	Condemning violence against the police and urging support for the police is markedly absent from President Barack Obamas public remarks.	criminal-justice	william-johnson			organization	0	0	0	0	1	an interview on Fox News
1508.json	true	Florida leads the nation in elected officials charged with crimes."
CONTENT: Since 2009, Georgias public schools have lost nearly 9,000 classroom teachers while the number of students has gone up.
CONTENT: Our high school graduation rate is the highest on record.
CONTENT: Says that over the past 20 years, Texas public school spending rose 142 percent and per-pupil spending more than tripled when adjusted for inflation.
CONTENT: Social Security ... is solid through about 2040 without any changes whatsoever.
CONTENT: The United States still ranks 20th in the world in access to broadband -- over 50 percent below the best nations.
Node: (22, 20)--------------------
CONTENT: State school funding per pupil is down 16 percent compared to 2009, after adjusting for inflation.
CONTENT: Says Gov. Scott Walker didnt balance the budget so we now have a larger state deficit 14 months into (his) term than we did when he was elected.
CONTENT: Graduation and third-grade reading scores are up in the state since I took office.
CONTENT: Says his administration has created 5 million jobs over the last 30 months in the private sector alone.
CONTENT: Per-student K-12 state funding for Portland Public Schools has dipped from $6,036 in the 2007-2008 school year to $5,644 in the 2010-2011 school year
CONTENT: Georgias unemployment rate has exceeded the national rate for 50 consecutive months.
CONTENT: During my administration, funding for education has increased by over $930 million.
CONTENT: Says New Jerseys public school students have the best Advanced Placement scores in the nation.
CONTENT: The Republican Party has the worst reputation in American polling of any political party in history.
CONTENT: For the last decade, Floridians salaries have shrunk substantially when adjusted for inflation.
Node: (22, 21)--------------------
CONTENT: The median male worker in this country has not seen a raise, inflation adjusted, for 30 years, basically.
CONTENT: ...Over 30 years, federal spending on education has grown by 375 percent, but test scores remain flat.
CONTENT: Says although the unemployment rate seems to be improving, it does not reflect real job creation -- its caused by a shrinking of the actual labor force.
CONTENT: Unemployment rate dropped in every state that elected a Republican gov. in 2010
CONTENT: Massachusetts is reporting a trend far below the national trend in the escalation of health-care costs in this year.
CONTENT: Since 2001, higher education in the state has been cut or allowed to erode ... by 35 or 40 percent.
CONTENT: The states that have raised the minimum wage (this year) have had faster job growth than the states that havent raised the minimum wage.
CONTENT: The black unemployment rate (has) increased since the recovery has begun.
CONTENT: US: Change in Income, 2009-13. Top 1%: +31.4%. Bottom 99%: +0.4%.
CONTENT: The 12 hottest years on record have come in the last 15 years.
CONTENT: A bipartisan payroll tax cut championed by the White House has meant that the average family has an extra $1,000 in their pocket this year.
Node: (22, 22)--------------------
CONTENT: Did you know US population growth is at its lowest since the Great Depression?
CONTENT: Says New Jersey is down nearly 200,000 jobs from its pre-recession peak and with Gov. Chris Christie New Jersey has trailed the rest of America when it comes to unemployment for 12 consecutive months.
CONTENT: Texas had the highest level of turnout than ever before in the primary.
CONTENT: January through November 2014, the year so far, were the hottest first 11 months of any year recorded.
CONTENT: My property taxes went down largely because my technical college portion went down 35.5% because of the money we put in at state.
CONTENT: Georgia has lost more than 124,000 jobs and the unemployment rate has increased since the stimulus passed
CONTENT: An April study found that about 70 percent of ads in this election cycle have been negative [due to SuperPACs], up from only 9 percent through the same period in 2008.
CONTENT: The United States has experienced 40 straight months of unemployment at 8 percent or higher.
CONTENT: We reduced the government workforce by 13,000, 11 percent, during my eight years.
CONTENT: As a result of welfare reform, poverty levels went down to the lowest level ever for ... African-American children.
CONTENT: Under Scott Walker, right now, were 46th in the country in terms of new businesses started.
CONTENT: The average unemployed American has been out of work for almost 40 weeks.
CONTENT: Congressional Budget Office says 8 (percent) unemployment till 2014!
CONTENT: Says there have been some job gains in the McMansion State since Mr. Christie took office, but they have lagged gains both in the nation as a whole and in New York and Connecticut, the obvious points of comparison.
CONTENT: The only time over the last 25 years when the states unemployment rate exceeded the U.S. average was when (Mary) Burke was commerce secretary.
CONTENT: The Republican Party lost 1.1 million registered voters since 2008. The Democratic Party lost 1.2 million registered voters (while) voter registration in the Libertarian Party rose 8 percent.
Node: (22, 23)--------------------
CONTENT: Since the federal Violence Against Women Act was adopted in 1994, cases of domestic violence have fallen by 67 percent.
CONTENT: Recent international reports show the United States near the bottom among industrialized nations for k-12 academic achievement.
CONTENT: We are one of only two states to have eight consecutive months of declining unemployment. Twenty-one states had increased unemployment last month. Ours went down.
CONTENT: Weve seen highway fatalities actually decrease in Colorado since marijuana use was legalized.
CONTENT: Texas agriculture is at 98 percent efficiency in water use and just about maxed out as to what we can do on the conservation end of it.
CONTENT: Countries bombed: Obama 7, Bush 4
CONTENT: In the last six years of Ciancis administration violent crime was down in the United States. It was down in the region. It was down in Rhode Island. But it was up in Providence.
CONTENT: In the states that allow open carry, violent crime was 23 percentlower.
CONTENT: Poverty among Americans 65 and over is statistically unchanged in recent years because of Social Security.
CONTENT: A test last month at the MAX station at 162nd Avenue and East Burnside saw crime down 41 percent compared with December 2009
CONTENT: Exit polls indicate that Democrats get over 70 percent of LGBT votes in federal elections.
Node: (22, 24)--------------------
CONTENT: In (Sen. Marco) Rubios state of Florida alone, Social Security lifts more than -- count it -- a million people out of poverty.
CONTENT: Milwaukee police use deadly force at a rate that is among the lowest in the country.
CONTENT: Oil production from federal waters in the Gulf of Mexico reached an all-time high in 2010.
CONTENT: Says Barack Obamas approval rating is right in the average for second-term presidents at this point.
CONTENT: Says a portfolio managed by the Texas General Land Office earned 22 percent last year while the states emergency reserve account experienced a 1 percent gain.
CONTENT: Research even shows that sending more girls to school can boost an entire countrys GDP.
CONTENT: In 2011, (Debbie) Wasserman Schultz missed 62 congressional votes one of the worst records of any member of Congress.
CONTENT: Said that his batting average with Congress is higher than every other president since Dwight D. Eisenhower except Lyndon Johnson.
CONTENT: For people in the top 1 percent for income, your effective tax burden is in the low 20s, the lowest its been in decades and decades and decades -- lower than somebody who might make substantially less money.
CONTENT: The CBO found that the House Republican health care plan would lower premiums by "up to about 10 percent" and, for purchasers in the individual market, "those cost savings could even be higher."
CONTENT: Says marijuana use among Colorado high school students has not increased since legalization.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clintons approval rating went from 70 percent to 52 percent in 18 months.
CONTENT: When Colorado eased its medical marijuana laws, fatal accidents involving pot-using drivers soared while overall traffic fatalities decreased.
Node: (22, 25)--------------------
CONTENT: Says veterans disability claims backlog doubled in Obamas first term.
CONTENT: Says income tax rates under Eisenhower were as high as 90 percent.
CONTENT: The poverty rate for families in which a husband and a wife work is 5 percent, but in families headed by one person its 30 percent today.
CONTENT: Discretionary spending has increased over 20-some percent in two years if you dont include the stimulus. If you put in the stimulus, its over 80 percent.
CONTENT: Says the number of Democrats who voted for the GOP measure allowing health plan renewals is close to the number who voted on GOP bills to delay mandates on employers and individuals.
CONTENT: It is projected that 3.07 million people will use the train annually. Keep in mind that Amtraks Acela train in Washington D.C., Boston, Philadelphia, New York and Baltimore only had 3.2 million riders in 2010.
CONTENT: Electric utility FirstEnergys annual revenues are greater than the GDP of Haiti, Kyrgyzstan, Iceland, or 15 African nations.
CONTENT: Black voter turnout in 2012 exceeded the rate of white voter turnout, even in the states with the strictest voter ID laws.
CONTENT: Corporate profits are up, CEO pay is up, but average wages of Americans are flat.
CONTENT: The incidents of threats against (President Barack Obama) are greater than for any other president in modern times.
CONTENT: Graduation rates of players at major football colleges are still twenty points below their male campus peers and worsened in the past three years.
Node: (22, 26)--------------------
CONTENT: At nearly 19 million people, the population of Florida is larger than all the earlier primary and caucus states combined.
CONTENT: Says military expenditures for the United States are greater than the combined spending of the next 14 largest nations.
CONTENT: The 30 percent tax rate called for under President Barack Obamas proposed Buffett Rule is lower than the prescribed tax rate for millionaires already -- not just for millionaires, for people making over $200,000.
CONTENT: The lifespan of the average American is less than that of people in nations that spend far less (on health care). ... To put it bluntly, we spend more and die sooner.
CONTENT: My friend, we have increased the size of government by some 40 percent just in the last few years.
CONTENT: In the last two years, super PACs raised more than $180 million -- with roughly half of it coming from fewer than 200 super-rich people and roughly 20 percent from corporations.
CONTENT: Spending of government money is 17 percent less than it was a decade ago.
CONTENT: From 2008 to 2011, the pages in the conforming bills have gone from 400 pages to 2,200.
CONTENT: The average bonus [on Wall Street] is about $100,000...The bonuses on Wall Street are down 44 percent.
CONTENT: Says his release of 33 years of tax returns is more than any presidential candidate in history.
CONTENT: On the mosque near ground zero.
CONTENT: Says budget savings by reducing pay and benefits for federal employees total $103 billion over 10 years -- more than $50,000 per worker.
CONTENT: For every [coyote] they kill, the population will replace and usually multiply.
CONTENT: Government subsidies for renewable energies such as wind and solar are 100 times greater than those given to gas and coal, and 50 times greater than what the nuclear industry enjoys.
CONTENT: Every 10th dollar spent by the Social Security Administration on its program for the poor is waste, or fraud, they cant validate that the people should have gotten it, totaling about $8 billion a year.
CONTENT: In 1968 the average corporate CEO made 20 times the average workers pay. Today that multiple is about 350.
Node: (22, 27)--------------------
CONTENT: Says the treasurers office has saved $37 million in management costs for the oversight of public investments.
CONTENT: The proposed Gogebic mine in northern Wisconsin could be extended as long as 21 miles.
CONTENT: The radiation coming from the new TSA body scanners is equivalent to about three minutes worth of air travel by anybody, say, at 30,000 feet.
CONTENT: Kathryn Starkey only attended half of those meetings.
CONTENT: A couple retiring today will pay about $119,000 in lifetime Medicare taxes and receive about $357,000 in lifetime Medicare benefits. ... about 3 bucks in benefits for every dollar in taxes.
CONTENT: Its just been announced that the residents of Florida are going to experience a massive, double-digit premium hike.
CONTENT: In three years we could find close to 50 million gallons per day through a toilet replacement program.
CONTENT: Repealing the health care law would save $95 billion in 2016.
CONTENT: If you printed a $1 bill for the entirety of the $14.1 trillion national debt, the resulting pile of money would weigh more than 136 aircraft carriers.
CONTENT: When it comes to aid, "the United States is still about half as what European countries give as a percentage."
CONTENT: 15 years ago, cancer drugs cost an average of $10,000 a year. Now its $10,000 a month.
Node: (22, 28)--------------------
CONTENT: The federal government could save $500 million annually by circulating $1 coins instead of $1 bills.
CONTENT: Virginia women earnonly 79 cents to each dollar earned by men...
CONTENT: My plan offers three times as much tax relief to the middle class as Senator McCain's.
CONTENT: A working woman will earn $7.70 on $10.
CONTENT: The Federal Register - which houses all Washington regulations - is 34,000 pages in length and weighs in at more than 340 pounds.
CONTENT: The Democrats have over 20 field agents to our zero."
CONTENT: Every taxpayer owes about $130,000 to pay off the national debt.
CONTENT: Currently it costs more than a penny for the U.S. Mint to make a one cent coin and more than a nickel to make the five cent piece.
CONTENT: Proposed federal regulations would affect every streetsign in the country
CONTENT: Student loans from the federal government issued between 2007 and 2012 are on target to produce $66 billion in profits for the United States government.
CONTENT: The Buffett rule raises virtually no money, maybe a day and a half of our borrowing per year.
CONTENT: On financial reform, there is "a million dollars being spent, per congressman, in lobbying expenses on this issue. (The) industry has four lobbyists per member of the House and Senate working on this."
Node: (22, 29)--------------------
CONTENT: At the beginning of the last decade ... America had a budget surplus of over $200 billion. By the time I took office, we had a one-year deficit of over $1 trillion and projected deficits of $8 trillion over the next decade.
CONTENT: (Flint, Mich., is) paying three times more for poison water than I am paying in Burlington, Vt., for clean water.
CONTENT: I have 2 and a half million more votes than he (Sanders) does.
CONTENT: The U.S. Department of Defense spends $80 million a year on prostate cancer research, $25 million a year on ovarian cancer research and $150 million a year on breast cancer research.
CONTENT: President Obama will now own 60 percent of GM, and his union buddies will own almost 20 percent.
CONTENT: Weve just now given over $100 billion to Iran, the equivalent in U.S. terms is $5 trillion.
CONTENT: Weve spent $6 trillion on the wars in the Middle East.
CONTENT: Tens of billions of dollars (from taxpayer-funded bailouts) ... flowed straight through AIG into the coffers of foreign corporations and foreign banks.
CONTENT: Right now every single one of the (oil) companies here today and dozens of others are drilling for free in the Gulf of Mexico on leases that will cost American taxpayers more than $50 billion in lost royalties.
CONTENT: Under the Obama administration, we are drilling and producing more domestic energy supplies than we ever had before.
CONTENT: We spend $18 billion a year on making sure that the federal government has immigrant enforcement agents. Thats more than DEA and the ATF and the FBI and all the other enforcement (agencies) combined.
CONTENT: We could save all the oil that they're talking about getting off drilling, if everybody was just inflating their tires and getting regular tune-ups.
CONTENT: The U.S. spends $4 billion on research and development for energy, while spending $350 billion on oil from foreign countries, "many of whom are our enemies."
CONTENT: If youre born poor, youre more likely to stay poor than any time in American history.
CONTENT: With the resources it takes to execute just over three months of the Iraq war, we could fully fund the expansion of health care for needy children that Bush vetoed.
CONTENT: If it is enacted, the Senate immigration bill is going to make the Border Patrol bigger than the FBI -- you could put one agent every 250 feet.
CONTENT: Each day our nation pays communist China $73.9 million in interest on our debt.
CONTENT: The health care bill will "create 4 million jobs, 400,000 jobs almost immediately."
CONTENT: Over the past decade, the big five oil companies --- BP, Chevron, ConocoPhillips, ExxonMobil and Shell -- made a total profit of nearly $1 trillion.
CONTENT: If the United States moves ahead by itself (on cap-and-trade)... after 30 or 40 years, were going to reduce CO2 by less than 1 percent.
CONTENT: At $587 apiece, USA would need to bring home about 33.1 BILLION gold medals to pay off our national debt.
CONTENT: For every one mile of light-rail track that will be built, 16 miles of new road capacity will be built.
CONTENT: The potential Iran nuclear agreement would limit Iran to the number of centrifuges needed for a weapon but too few for a nuclear power program.
CONTENT: If the debt ceiling is surpassed, our nation will not go into default as some suggest.
Node: (23, 0)--------------------
CONTENT: In the past year, more than 20 percent of Americans have changed their mind about the war in Afghanistan. They conclude we shouldn't be there.
CONTENT: Schoolchildren across the nation "will be forced to watch the president justify his plans for government-run health care, banks, and automobile companies, increasing taxes on those who create jobs, and racking up more debt than any other president."
CONTENT: Says President Barack Obama broke his promise to keep a Wisconsin GM plant from closing.
CONTENT: Tarpon Springs takes its homeless to St. Petersburg.
CONTENT: American colleges amount to a cartel.
CONTENT: Says President Barack Obama has an Environmental Protection Agency proposal that would raise the price of gasoline by 25 cents a gallon.
CONTENT: Walmart employees receive roughly $5,800 in public assistance per year.
CONTENT: There is a growing body of evidence that radiation in excess of what the government says are the minimum amounts you should be exposed to are actually good for you and reduce cases of cancer.
CONTENT: Defends his vote to push retirement age to 70 by saying he is for a process that would not be fully implemented until around the turn of the century.
CONTENT: Promotes a chart saying that Barack Obama has increased the debt by 16 percent, compared to George W. Bush, who increased it by 115 percent.
CONTENT: The Chinese government provides their people no access to the Internet.
CONTENT: The Obama-GOP compromise raises taxes, it raises the death tax.
CONTENT: The No. 2 owner of Fox News is Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, who said, A strong American Government is not good for us.
CONTENT: A proposed revenue smart cap gives Floridians a voice, requiring a 60 percent vote by citizens in order to impose a new tax, fee, license, fine, charge or assessment.
CONTENT: Says Jeff Wentworth, bending the rules, has used $211,743.96 in campaign contributions to lease luxury cars.
CONTENT: There are billions of barrels of oil beneath our oceans and in Alaska, and there is ample oil shale in the Rocky Mountain West, but Democrats "say all this American energy is off limits."
CONTENT: Austin mayoral candidate Mike Martinez takes corporate money.
CONTENT: The Colorado caucus system for selecting Republican delegates is rigged.
CONTENT: A U.S. Government Accountability Office report says Planned Parenthood Federation of America cannot find some $1.3 billion given to it by the federal government from 2002 through 2008.
CONTENT: Congressman Robert Hurt has a plan to cut education by 40 percent.
CONTENT: Obamacare adds trillions to our deficits and to our national debt.
CONTENT: Obama "promises more taxes on small business, seniors, your life savings, your family."
CONTENT: Claims credit for food tax reductions that previous Democrat regimes refused to make.
CONTENT: Barack Obama began his presidency with an apology tour.
Node: (23, 1)--------------------
CONTENT: Twelve judges have thrown out legal challenges to the health care law because they rejected the notion that the health care law was unconstitutional.
CONTENT: A Republican proposal changes Medicare for those under age 55 so that they will participate in the same kind of health plan that members of Congress do.
CONTENT: The polls show over half of Americans identify themselves as being pro-life.
CONTENT: Says the former president of the Czech Republic said the American people were a confederacy of fools for electing Barack Obama.
CONTENT: While President Obama says all options are on the table for preventing a nuclear Iran, Hagel says military action is not a viable, feasible, responsible option.
CONTENT: An image of nine white, blondwomen shows the amazing diversity of Fox News anchors.
CONTENT: Says a CNN anchor said that Hillary Clinton has gotten a free ride so far from the media. Were the biggest ones supporting her campaign.
CONTENT: The president is advocating a drone strike program in America.
CONTENT: The president has said the national security threat facing America, the top one, is global warming.
CONTENT: A state reports projection is that approximately half of public employees would live outside municipal boundaries in a decade if the state bans local residency requirements.
CONTENT: Says Donald Trumps polling numbers show that hes the highest with Hispanics that any Republican has ever been.
CONTENT: The Americans for Tax Reform pledge relates to new taxes that were going to be initiated by legislative action.
CONTENT: Experts say the property tax is the most harmful to economic growth and . . . the sales tax is least harmful.
CONTENT: We spend half a trillion dollars a year in tax preparation.
CONTENT: As Jim Doyles Commerce secretary, Mary Burke spent $12.5 million dollars to buy a vacant lot for a company that said it had no plans to create jobs in Wisconsin and had laid off 800 workers.
CONTENT: Sarah Palin "got more votes running for mayor of Wasilla, Alaska, than Joe Biden got running for president of the United States."
CONTENT: A Trump television ad shows Mexicans swarming over our southern border.
CONTENT: Says President Obama has doubled the deficit.
Node: (23, 2)--------------------
CONTENT: The Department of Energys Billion Ton Study has shown that wind and solar energy combined could at best provide only 5 percent of our total energy needs.
CONTENT: The McCain campaign is roughly in the position where Vice President Gore was running against President Bush one week before the election of 2000.
CONTENT: Says the Clintons burst through their own self-pronounced guidelines by acceptingforeign donations.There is a clip of Bill Clinton saying were not going to take foreign donations.
CONTENT: One. Thats the number of new drilling permits under the Obama administration since they came into office.
CONTENT: They talk about this problem with binding arbitration. It doesnt make a lot of sense to me to have somebody from Los Angeles fly into Zanesville and impose a wage settlement on you ... and then theyre on the plane back to Los Angeles.
CONTENT: Obamas flush with cash, returning to Wall Street for even more money. Wall Street sure supports President Obama.
CONTENT: As Washington debates cracking down on the big Wall Street banks, Ive passed legislation that does so.
CONTENT: One of the Planned Parenthood videos shows a fully formed fetus on the table, its heart beating, its legs kicking, while someone says, We have to keep it alive to harvest its brain.
CONTENT: Says Gov. Chris Christie has now come up with a new agenda for ethics reform in September 2011.
CONTENT: Compared to President Obama,President Reagan rushed home from Santa Barbara vacation, from the Reagan ranch when the Korean jetliner was shot out of the air by the Russians.
CONTENT: As Alaskas attorney general, (U.S. Senate candidate Dan) Sullivan successfully fought to protect our Second Amendment rights and passed stand your ground.
CONTENT: This is the first time since Roe was decided in 1973 that a court has granted personhood status to the preborn.
CONTENT: A YouGov.com poll shows 71 percent of Obama voters regret voting for him.
CONTENT: The polling shows over and over again that, unlike Donald Trump, that with me as the nominee, we beat Hillary Clinton.
CONTENT: Rep. Adam Putnam was silent when Rush Limbaugh called Sonia Sotomayor a racist.
CONTENT: McCain is "selectively editing Joe Biden's words...Biden actually said about Barack Obama: 'They're gonna find out this guy's got steel in his spine.'"
CONTENT: Theres a tax credit of $2,400 to bond [former inmates] that an employer would get for hiring a convicted felon. Theres a federal bonding program -- you can get $5,000 to $25,000 in federal money to hire a convicted felon. And theres federal grants for felons to set up their own small businesses.
CONTENT: Says Mike Coffman said two different things: stop the deportationsin a Spanish-language debate and youre going to be deportedin an English-language TV interview.
Node: (23, 3)--------------------
CONTENT: The jobs bill includes President Obamas tax on soup kitchens
CONTENT: The stimulus bill includes "$300,000 for a sculpture garden in Miami."
CONTENT: Said he is the only Democratic candidate for state attorney general who has "represented the entire state of Georgia."
CONTENT: The only two (Donald Trump tax returns) we have show that he hasnt paid a penny in taxes.
CONTENT: Health care reform: Everything about it is going to raise costs, raise taxes and lower the quality of health care.
CONTENT: The Jewish holiday Purim is "their version of Halloween here."
CONTENT: An anonymous e-mail says that Hillary Clinton advocates communism.
CONTENT: The New York Times writes this long story about Donald Trumps tax returns but didnt point out there was no wrongdoing until paragraph 18.
CONTENT: There is a provision in the economic stimulus plan that means that "students cannot meet together in their dorms, if that dorm has been repaired with this federal money, and have a prayer group or a Bible study."
CONTENT: Says Barack Obama said black males are two times more likely to be shot by a law enforcement officer than white males and that is a lie because there is no data.
CONTENT: Mitt Romney has 15 homes.
CONTENT: Across the board, violent crime in jurisdictions that recognize the Right to Carry is lower than in areas that prevent it.
CONTENT: Says Florida had five sanctuary cities while Jeb Bush was governor.
CONTENT: Heres something that people never talk about with coach Schiano: Rutgers had the best graduation rate of any Division I football program in America.
CONTENT: Congressional Republicans have introduced dozens of bills on social issues and other topics, but zero on job creation.
CONTENT: After Reagan took office, "we didn't raise taxes and we didn't cut entitlements. What we did was we cut taxes."
CONTENT: Its four or five states where the number of insurance options have narrowed under the Affordable Care Act.
CONTENT: John doesn't have a record in the Senate. John's only passed four bills. They're all about post offices.
CONTENT: RNC version of a Hillary Clinton valentine: "Roses are red, violets are blue, I'll raise your taxes and there is nothing you can do."
CONTENT: There are no similar clips of Newt Gingrich talking about how ineffective President Bush was in trying to control North Korea.
CONTENT: Says a Pro-Stimulus economist admits it is not working
CONTENT: Say George Washington said that when government takes away citizens right to bear arms it becomes citizens duty to take away governments right to govern.
CONTENT: The Department of Veterans Affairs has a manual out there telling our veterans stuff like, 'Are you really of value to your community?' You know, encouraging them to commit suicide.
Node: (23, 4)--------------------
CONTENT: Says it has offered $12 million in savings through 2011 and $184 million in savings over the next 25 years in contract negotiations with the City of Milwaukee.
CONTENT: Obama "says he'll raise taxes on electricity."
CONTENT: Says Texas is the only state that exempts jet fuel from its state motor fuels tax.
CONTENT: Says Josh Mandel opposed federal loans to the auto industry.
CONTENT: In Jeanne Shaheen, New Hampshire has a Senator who was the deciding vote to pass Obamacare.
CONTENT: The 48, 49 percent that supports President Barack Obama are people who pay no income tax.
CONTENT: There are over 200 documented cases where (Obama) has lied.
CONTENT: On whether Barack Obama was born in the United States.
CONTENT: The insurance industry is actually run by mostly Democrats.
CONTENT: Says Romney invested in a firm that made goods in China that could have been made here in America.
CONTENT: Mitt Romney wants "to set a date for withdrawal" from Iraq.
CONTENT: There was some sort of informal commitment to build a (psychiatric) building in downtown Cleveland.
Node: (23, 5)--------------------
CONTENT: Barbara Boxers worried about the weather instead of terrorism as the biggest threat to national security.
CONTENT: In North Carolina, they used stimulus money to hire one new state worker. His job, apply for more stimulus funds from the taxpayers by the way of the federal government.
CONTENT: Barbara Boxer voted to cut spending on Medicare benefits by $500 billion, cuts so costly to hospitals and nursing homes that they could stop taking Medicare altogether.
CONTENT: The Medicare proposal by Rep. Paul Ryan, R-Wis., would allow insurance companies to deny you coverage and drop you for pre-existing conditions.
CONTENT: Says Mitt Romney has changed his position on supporting the TARP program.
CONTENT: Says former Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said that if the workers are more insecure, thats very healthy for the society because theyll serve the masters gladly and passively.
CONTENT: Marco Rubio thinks that government shouldn't be in the health care business at all.
CONTENT: Romneycare covers abortion, illegal immigrants and has a public option. Obamacare does not.
CONTENT: The people that went to school with (Barack Obama), they never saw him, they dont know who he is.
Node: (23, 6)--------------------
CONTENT: Ken Block supports Obamacare.
CONTENT: Says Jill McCabe supports late term abortions. Larger baby parts are more profitable.
CONTENT: Mark Kirk: Lied about going to war. Opposed middle class tax cuts. And said unemployments not that big an issue.
CONTENT: Says Gov. Bob McDonnells budget would cut pre-kindergarten programs.
CONTENT: Says Scott Walker said that forcing women facing abortion to get invasive ultrasounds was just a cool thing.
CONTENT: Even when all other state agencies took cuts, Gov. [Nathan] Deal increased education spending every year.
CONTENT: Says Sen. Bill Nelson voted to spend $144,541 to see how monkeys react under the influence of cocaine.
CONTENT: Rick Scott got a majority of the Hispanic vote in Florida.
CONTENT: The Paul Ryan budget proposal would leave the country without Medicare.
CONTENT: U.S. Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid on whether Senate Democrats would seat Roland Burris.
CONTENT: Says Every time the Legislature suspended the kicker, most recently the corporate kicker in 2007, Salem spent every penny and failed to stabilize the states revenues.
CONTENT: Says Alex Sinks plans for governor include $12.5 billion in new spending.
CONTENT: On allowing Shelby Countys schools merger commission to finish work before allowing any new merger legislation.
CONTENT: Rep. Robert Hurt voted again today to end Medicare and raise health care costs for Virginia seniors.
CONTENT: On HealthCare.Gov, Texan Mark Sullivan found a good health insurance plan that includes dental, for less than $80 a month.
CONTENT: The most popular name is no longer John or Steven. Its Jose, Camilo and Maria.
CONTENT: Says Ron Johnson voted five times for tax breaks that help companies ship Wisconsin jobs overseas.
CONTENT: Says Barack Obama sold Chrysler to Italians who are going to build Jeeps in China at the cost of American jobs.
Node: (23, 7)--------------------
CONTENT: Says on contraception, his plan is cheaper and easier for you than Sen. Mark Udalls
CONTENT: Says Bill Nelson voted to cut $700 billion out of Medicare to pay for Obamacare.
CONTENT: Says Rep. Jon Runyan voted to redefine rape.
CONTENT: Says Travis County Commissioner Gerald Daugherty claims to have taken a pay cut, but for 2016, he voted to raise his salary by 19.6 percent.
CONTENT: On whether he wrote a provision that allowed AIG to dole out bonuses.
CONTENT: Oregon Rep. Tina Kotek, D-Portland, has never held a job nor run a business
CONTENT: Says Edward Snowden could have gotten all of the protections of being a whistleblower.
CONTENT: Says Gov. Scott Walker signed abortion, sex education and discrimination bills in secret.
CONTENT: Says that Sherrod Brown voted to cut Medicare by over $500 billion in order to fund government-run health care.
CONTENT: Says Glenn Nye voted in lock step with Nancy Pelosi 83 percentof the time.
CONTENT: Wendy Davis was just doing a fund-raiser in Chicago with the international socialists organization.
CONTENT: Says Mitch McConnell voted to raise Medicare costs for a current Kentucky senior by $6,000.
CONTENT: Says Mitch McConnell voted three times for corporate tax breaks that send Kentucky jobs overseas.
CONTENT: Michelle Nunns foundation directed grants to an Islamic group tied to radical terrorists.
CONTENT: Bill Nelson voted for higher taxes 150 times.
CONTENT: Phil Puckett voted no on sending the EPA a message that theyve gone too far not once, but twice.
CONTENT: Hillary Clinton believed NAFTA was a 'boon' to our economy.
CONTENT: Under President Obama: $4,000 tax hike on middle-class families.
Node: (23, 8)--------------------
CONTENT: Barnes opposed the creation of the HOPE Scholarship and campaigned against Zell Miller on the issue.
CONTENT: Blue Cross new $90-million Providence headquarters "was outfitted with $25 million in decor."
CONTENT: Under the Iran deal: If Israel attacks Iran were supposed to be on Irans side.
CONTENT: On a cap-and-trade plan.
CONTENT: On a cap-and-trade plan.
CONTENT: Mary Landrieu voted to take away your gun rights.
CONTENT: Rhode Island: 3% bigger at low tide.
CONTENT: Minimum wage = $16,000/year CEO-Goldman Sachs (Lloyd Blankfein) $16,000/Hour.
CONTENT: I helped write the Affordable Care Act.
CONTENT: One of George Soros companies has provided some of the (voting) machines for some states.
CONTENT: And the revenue generated by drilling off Virginias coast? $40 million over 10 years.
CONTENT: (U.S. Rep. Jack Kingston) voted to fund (Obamacare).
CONTENT: Sherrod Brown voted six times to raise his own pay.
CONTENT: Alex Sink was "the first official who said that BP should pay $25 million for an ad campaign to promote Florida tourism."
CONTENT: On resigning from the Texas Railroad Commission.
CONTENT: We have $60 billion in 2010 in Medicare fraud.
CONTENT: Of $60 billion Congress approved in response to Hurricane Sandy, only 10 percent was for disaster relief.
Node: (23, 9)--------------------
CONTENT: Marco Rubio voted against funding health clinics that provide critical care during this public health emergency (Zika).
CONTENT: Says he lived in a colonia while working as a farm worker.
CONTENT: I led the fight to require the Coast Guard to buy their engines from us, not foreign companies.
CONTENT: Obama "shunned the opportunity to talk to soldiers to thank them for their service."
CONTENT: Only one out of five of the so-called Syrian refugees who went into Europe were actually Syrian.
CONTENT: Obamas Clean Power Plan ... eliminates coal-fired power plants.
CONTENT: Mary Burke wasted 12.5 million dollars on a vacant lot in a move that could cost taxpayers nearly $25 million.
CONTENT: In Florida, Sen. Bill Nelson ... got a $25 billion to $30 billion carve-out for Medicare Advantage patients in their state.
CONTENT: Sherrod Brown sent billions of our tax dollars to foreign countries.
Node: (23, 10)--------------------
CONTENT: (Palin) supported right-wing extremist Pat Buchanan for president in 2000.
CONTENT: Obama "basically threatened to bomb Pakistan."
CONTENT: The government made accommodation to the Fort Hood shooter to let him grow a beard for religious reasons.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clinton viciously attacked women abused by Bill Clinton.
CONTENT: U.S. Rep. Patrick Murphy voted to allow members of Congress to receive taxpayer-funded health care for life.
CONTENT: Biden was responsible for "ending genocide in Bosnia."
CONTENT: Says he cured Charlie Sheen and the island of Comoros of HIV with milk from goats, which had arthritis.
CONTENT: Annexation would lead to overcrowding at Decaturs city schools.
CONTENT: Says the Obama administration catches and releases nonviolent illegal immigrants.
CONTENT: Says Tommy Thompson favors Obamas health care mandate, was publicly thanked by Obama for health reform support and that Thompson says we cant repeal Obamacare.
CONTENT: Gov. Scott Walker received a $7,300 pay raise.
CONTENT: Says Gov. Scott Walker took away $1.6 billion from schools and handed it off as over $2 billion in tax breaks to the rich.
CONTENT: Says Bill Nelson sold agricultural land for home development, pocketing at least $1.4 million.
CONTENT: Says a man opted out of Obamacare after the marketplace launched on Oct. 1, 2013, and was informed he owed a $4,000 fine.
CONTENT: Under Governor Crist, 3,000 teachers laid off.
CONTENT: When I was Mayor of South Pasadena, we actually reduced the property taxes we collected.
CONTENT: Barack Obama "openly supported (opposition leader) Raila Odinga during his visit to Africa in 2006."
CONTENT: So far, the war in Gaza has left more than 1,800 Palestinians dead -- the population equivalent to 100 9/11s.
CONTENT: Says unsuccessful Texas abortion legislation was supported by a majority of Texans.
Node: (23, 11)--------------------
CONTENT: Blames Mike McIntyre and Nancy Pelosi for the second straight year of no cost-of-living increases for Social Security beneficiaries.
CONTENT: Says Libya Ambassador (Christopher) Stevens sent 600 requests for help in Benghazi.
CONTENT: The Governor did not consult members of his own party before he released his [transportation] plan.
CONTENT: Bill White ...offered sanctuary to illegal immigrants.
CONTENT: When Georgia tightened its voter identification laws, the state sent a van and photographer to the homes of people who needed photo IDs and made them for free.
CONTENT: In 2012, 123 African-Americans were shot dead by police. ... Same year, 326 whites were killed by police.
CONTENT: Says al Qaeda has camps with the drug cartels in Mexico.
CONTENT: Recently Rick Scott closed 30 womens health care centers across the state.
CONTENT: Obama "refused to not only put his hand on his heart during the Pledge of Allegiance, but refused to say the pledge."
CONTENT: Some of our states educational administrators joined the feds in seeking to mandate Arabic classes for Texas children.
CONTENT: Says Land Commissioner Jerry Patterson threatened to shoot him.
CONTENT: Stimulus money funded a government board that made recommendations that would cost 378,000 jobs and $28.3 billion in sales.
CONTENT: Says he saw videotape of the people taking the money off the plane to pay ransom to Iran for hostages.
CONTENT: U.S. Sen. Bill Nelson was the deciding vote for the health care law.
CONTENT: President Obama funneled $716 billion out of Medicare at the expense of the elderly.
CONTENT: Earlier this year, the head of the Congressional Budget Office testified before Congress that implementation of Obamacare would cost 800,000 jobs.
Node: (23, 12)--------------------
CONTENT: Romney failed to take action against "sanctuary cities" in Massachusetts.
CONTENT: The 9-0 decision last week was the 13th time the Supreme Court voted 9-0 that the president had exceeded his constitutional authority.
CONTENT: Maj. Nidal Hasan, the man accused of the Fort Hood shootings, "was an ADVISOR to the Obama Administration."
CONTENT: The Georgia Regional Transportation Authority concluded that light rail in Cobb County would more than double commute time and would therefore be unsuccessful in alleviating traffic congestion.
CONTENT: I deployed the Texas National Guard to the Texas-Mexico border. And the policy worked; apprehensions at the border declined 74 percent.
CONTENT: For four years, we balanced the budget and paid off $405 billion in debt.
CONTENT: Says U.S. Senate opponent Tommy Thompson personally made over $3 million from a federal contract granted to his healthcare company, but left 9/11 first responders without the care they were promised.
CONTENT: State legislators quietly shifted $2 billion from education to road building in 2013.
CONTENT: The Islamic State, or ISIS, was cast off by al-Qaida because it was considered too extreme.
CONTENT: Says Kurt Schrader cast the deciding vote that failed to extend tax cuts for Oregons middle-class families and small businesses.
Node: (23, 13)--------------------
CONTENT: Says your Legislative Assembly was within one vote of enacting each of those bills into Oregon law.
CONTENT: Says President Obamas decision to not issue a permit for the Keystone XL pipeline meant we were denied the ability immediately to reduce prices at the pump.
CONTENT: The president gave the (auto) companies to the UAW.
CONTENT: Says he fought for the repeal of a septic tank inspection program after Tallahassee pulled a fast one.
CONTENT: Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani was never sentenced to stoning.
CONTENT: Says the stimulus bill sent tax credits overseas, such as tens of millions of dollars to build traffic lights in China.
CONTENT: The Trans-Texas Corridor is dead.
CONTENT: Sotomayor ruled against the white firefighter Ricci and other white firefighters just on the basis that she thought women and minorities should be given a preference because of their skin color and because of the history of discrimination in the past. The law was totally disregarded.
CONTENT: Klein did not hold a single town hall meeting (on health care) where the general public was invited to ask questions or present their views.
CONTENT: Vice President Joe Biden's meeting "with the transparency and accountability board . . . was closed to the public."
Node: (23, 14)--------------------
CONTENT: This (parent trigger) legislation was drafted by President Obamas top advisers. It was drafted by President Clintons top advisers.
Node: (23, 16)--------------------
CONTENT: The entirety of North America -- Canada, the United States and Mexico -- theres more known reserves in those three countries than in Russia and Saudi Arabia.
Node: (23, 17)--------------------
CONTENT: 99.97 percent of the kids live in poverty that attend Cleveland public schools.
CONTENT: Arizona schools rank 45th in the nation, dead last in funding per student.
CONTENT: Florida has the second-lowest (campaign) contribution limit in the entire country.
CONTENT: The No. 1 cause of death for African-American males15-34 is murder.
CONTENT: In the fall of 2009, only 21 percent of Texas high school graduates enrolled in a four-year public university.
CONTENT: Seven of the 10 school districts with the lowest graduation rate for African-American boys in the country are in Florida.
CONTENT: Of the 18 stadiums built from 2004 to 2013, 47 percent of the total cost came from public sources.
CONTENT: Says the average Ohio student graduates from a four-year college or university with nearly $27,000 in tuition debt.
CONTENT: Says in Oregon today, the average debt upon college graduation is more than $24,000.
CONTENT: Says Texas has the 15th largest economy in the world.
CONTENT: Georgia has the 9th highest rate of adults, ages 18 to 64, without a high school diploma or GED.
CONTENT: We have the highest per-pupil cost in the country.
Node: (23, 18)--------------------
CONTENT: Tens of thousands of Atlanta households pay more than 30 percent of their income towards rent.
CONTENT: We spend more money on health care per capita in the United States than any other country in the world. Of the 30 developed countries in the world, we spend 2 1/2 times more than the average. Of the country that spends the second most per capita, Switzerland, we spend 175 percent more.
CONTENT: Missouri is the state with the lowest paid workers.
CONTENT: Clayton County has employed 1,300 people over the past seven months through the Neighborhood Stabilization Program.
CONTENT: Tallahassee is the ninth-rainiest (city) in the nation.
CONTENT: One of the biggest causes of our soaring debt and economic insecurity ends up being Pentagon spending. The budget for the Pentagon consumes more than half of our discretionary spending.
CONTENT: Over the past three years, deep poverty has reached its highest level on record.
CONTENT: Since the passage of the Affordable Care Act, U.S. health care spending grew at 3.9 percent for the last three years, the lowest growth rate in over 50 years.
CONTENT: The judicial system is the most underfunded in this state, able to only pay 52 percent of its obligations. Meanwhile, judges get some of the richest pensions of all public employees.
CONTENT: Austin is the only city in an arid landscape in the western United States dependent on a single source of water.
Node: (23, 19)--------------------
CONTENT: Africa is spending the highest percentage of their GDP on education of any part of the world.
CONTENT: Were only spending 2 percent of our GDP on our infrastructure, while China and India are spending 10 percent of their GDP reinvesting back into their country.
CONTENT: Medicaid is close to 30 percent of the state budget and the biggest expenditure at the state.
CONTENT: Says by 4th grade, 86 percent of African-American boys and 82 percent (of) Hispanic boys are reading below proficiency levels.
CONTENT: State support for local schools per pupil has decreased by at least 25 percent over the past decade.
CONTENT: Do you know which state has the worst ratio of white voter turnout to African-American voter turnout? Massachusetts. Do you know what has the best, where African-American turnout actually exceeds white turnout? Mississippi.
CONTENT: Mt. Hood Community College is No. 1 on average and top faculty pay and benefits.
CONTENT: Young veterans have a higher unemployment rate than people who didnt serve.
CONTENT: In the past decade, K-12 funding has grown six times faster than the rate of enrollment.
CONTENT: A national study of 2,500 charter schools shows that maybe 20 percent do better than the community public schools, 40 percent or so do worse and the rest are not having any significant difference.
CONTENT: Says 77 percent of Portlands students finish elementary school without taking even one art class.
Node: (23, 20)--------------------
CONTENT: Austin is a city that has basically doubled in size every 25 years or so since it was founded.
CONTENT: Since Rick Perry became governor, Texas has gone from 46th in the country to 50th in the population that graduates from high school.
CONTENT: Says today unemployment has been running near 12 percent or more for the last four years and the Legislature hasnt done much to lower it.
CONTENT: Says the state share of Texas public education spending increased 82 percent over the past decade, reaching $20 billion in 2009.
CONTENT: Florida has the most errors and exonerations from death row.
CONTENT: Just in the past 10 years, college tuition has increased 28 percent.
CONTENT: If you look at the states where soccer is most popular, theyre overwhelmingly blue states, and the states where soccer is least popular are red states.
CONTENT: The average family not in the top 10 percent makes less money today than they were making a generation ago.
CONTENT: For the last decade, funding in the health and human services budget has grown at twice the rate as other parts of the budget, and I think that context is important.
CONTENT: Attacks on Planned Parenthood come at a time when the poverty rate among women is the highest in nearly two decades and 1 in 5 women under 65 dont have access to health care.
CONTENT: Right now we are spending at an all-time high, close to 25 percent of our GDP [is] being spent on the federal government. But our revenues are at an almost all-time low of about 15 percent [of GDP].
CONTENT: The average person will pay $6,000 more a year under Rep. Paul Ryans Medicare proposal.
CONTENT: Says President Barack Obama carried Congressional District 13 by 8.2 points in 2008 and 5.6 points in 2012.
CONTENT: Since the governor took office, Oregons unemployment rate has dropped to its lowest point in three years.
Node: (23, 21)--------------------
CONTENT: 95 percent of the income gains in the last few years have gone to the top 1 percent.
CONTENT: Says the number of Americans living at or below the poverty line is at its highest level since 1964.
CONTENT: I earned more votes in the state of Wisconsin than Donald Trump did in New York.
CONTENT: In the 18th Congressional District, 100% of electric generation comes from coal.
CONTENT: And, as of today, New Jersey state government has less employees than when Christie Whitman left office in 2001.
CONTENT: Says on the state level, we spend less today than Jon Corzine spent in fiscal year 2008, five years later.
CONTENT: Ninety percent of the job growth in Virginia has been in the private sector.
CONTENT: Film and television productions generated a $6 billion economic impact for Georgias economy in the most recent fiscal year.
CONTENT: With a bill bringing $100 million in property tax relief, the typical Wisconsin homeowner will save approximately $680 over four years.
CONTENT: Ten years ago the Austin Water Utility used a total of 240.3 million gallons. Every summer since then our peak day of water use has been lower.
CONTENT: Large parts of Florida have experienced years of below average rainfall.
CONTENT: 53 percent of Americans cut back on their health care in the last year because of costs.
CONTENT: The sequester has already lost 1.6 million jobs.
Node: (23, 22)--------------------
CONTENT: The only time in our history when the debt has been higher than this was the end of World War II.
CONTENT: In the United States, weve had 12 years in a row of wages declining.
CONTENT: Gov. Rick Perry has overseen the highest Texas unemployment in 22 years.
CONTENT: South Carolina has a labor shortage, specifically in the meatpacking industry.
CONTENT: Says six of the states 58 family planning centers had to close because of Gov. Chris Christies budget cuts.
CONTENT: Under Republican economic policies, the typical American family saw their incomes fall by about 6 percent.
CONTENT: The American people have endured 21 consecutive months of 9% or higher unemployment [and] 2.6 million jobs have been lost, since the stimulus bill was signed.
CONTENT: Utah was the No. 1 job creator in this country during my years of service as governor, with a 5.9 percent increase in jobs.
CONTENT: Gov. Chris Christie caused a 4.1 percent increase in property taxes in 2010, marking the highest increase since 2007.
CONTENT: Georgia has lost 14 percent of its jobs paying more than $50,000 a year and added 15 percent to its Medicaid rolls during the recovery.
CONTENT: Under Obama, families have lost over $4,000 a year in income.
Node: (23, 23)--------------------
CONTENT: Due to ... tax cuts and lower (property) values, 2009 property taxes were almost $3 billion below 2007 property taxes.
CONTENT: Uncompensated care has gone down by 30 percent just in the first few months of Medicaid expansion in the states that adopted it.
CONTENT: When I was born, defense spending was 60 percent of the budget. Its now 17 percent.
CONTENT: Weve lost 26 million jobs since (Obamas) been president.
CONTENT: For the first time in 13 years, our dependence on foreign oil is below 50 percent.
CONTENT: Most of the Bush tax cuts went to people in the top 3 percent of this country.
CONTENT: Says that when Republicans held Congress and the presidency, they doubled the size of the (U.S.) Department of Education.
CONTENT: Says Mike Gallaghers plan would cut Social Security benefits for two-thirds of seniors.
CONTENT: Nevada has been recently ranked No. 1 in unemployment, foreclosures, violent crime, personal bankruptcy and divorce.
CONTENT: When it comes to what little bit of job creation was happening in Massachusetts (when Mitt Romney was governor), it was happening in the public sector at six times the rate that it was happening in the private sector.
CONTENT: Were destroying more businesses in the United States now than are being created for the first time in our history.
CONTENT: New Jerseys poverty rate has increased since this governor took office and the number of New Jerseyans without health insurance has risen.
CONTENT: In Massachusetts under Mitt Romney, unemployment went down, household incomes went up, and the state saw its credit rating upgraded.
CONTENT: Now remember, property taxes went up 70 percent in the 10 years before I became governor.
CONTENT: The oceans have become 30 percent more acidic.
CONTENT: Property taxes had increased 70 percent in the previous 10 years.
CONTENT: We have not had unemployment this high for this long since the Great Depression.
CONTENT: Says that before Rick Perry became governor, only 4 percent of our total labor force was a minimum wage job ... Today, that number has more than doubled (to) 9.5 percent.
Node: (23, 24)--------------------
CONTENT: Americans, in the last 30 years, have more than doubled the amount of money we are spending per child (on education) and the results have gotten worse, not better.
CONTENT: The approval of the United States was 20 points higher when (Hillary Clinton) left the secretary of states office than when she took it.
CONTENT: Gas prices have gone up 99 percent since Obama became president, the highest gas price increase since Carter.
CONTENT: Joe Biden wrote the Violence Against Women Act ... the rate of domestic violence went down dramatically.
CONTENT: AGallup report recently said that nearly 50 percent of small business owners arent hiring because of what they call regulatory uncertainty.
CONTENT: Right now the Tea Party polls higher than the Republicans and the Democrats.
CONTENT: Polls on legalizing same-sex marriage are not dramatically changing.
CONTENT: The Alternative Minimum Tax...was created by Congress in 1969 to affect 155 wealthy Americans. Because it was never indexed for inflation, those original 155 taxpayers has increased to affect about 3.5-million in 2006.
CONTENT: Says, Since 1994 when VAWA was first passed, incidents of domestic violence have dropped more than 50 percent.
CONTENT: Since Florida passed the stand your ground law in 2005, deaths due to self-defense have jumped over 250 percent.
CONTENT: Citing his efforts to secure the border, Obama said, Overall, the number of people trying to cross our border illegally is the lowest it has been since the 1970s.
CONTENT: (The Tax Policy Center) found that Romney would raise taxes on the average middle class family by $2,000 to pay for $5 trillion in tax cuts for millionaires and billionaires.
Node: (23, 25)--------------------
CONTENT: Water rates in Manila, Philippines, were raised up to 845 percent when a subsidiary of the World Bank became a partial owner.
CONTENT: Gas prices have gone up $2 since Obama took office.
CONTENT: One-hundred times as many people worked their way from poverty into the American middle class during his presidency compared to Ronald Reagans presidency.
CONTENT: By one leading measure, what business owners pay out in wages and salaries is now finally growing faster than what they spend on health insurance for the first time in 17 years.
CONTENT: When Mitt Romney was governor, the fact is that the average income for a family in Massachusetts went up by $5,500.
CONTENT: From 1960, the year I was born, until the time I became Governor in 2003, the average two-year increase in Minnesota state spending was 21 percent. we brought that down dramatically, to about 1.7 percent per year.
Node: (23, 26)--------------------
CONTENT: Under President Obamas health-care reforms, the premium for an average plan for a family didnt go down by $2,500 per year, its gone up about $2,500 per year.
CONTENT: Women in Barack Obamas White House are earning less than men.
CONTENT: Earmarked dollars have doubled just since 2000, and more than tripled in the last 10 years.
CONTENT: The cost ofa gas tank fill-up has risen$30 sinceBarack Obama became president.
CONTENT: The annual cost of free tax credits alone paid to illegal immigrants quadrupled to $4.2 billion in 2011.
CONTENT: Insurance companies have seen their profits soar by more than 400 percent since 2001.
CONTENT: Over the last 15 months, weve added more than 2 million jobs in the private sector. Thats far in excess of what it was in the comparable period after the last recession.
Node: (23, 27)--------------------
CONTENT: We went from a $5.6 trillion surplus that George Bush inherited to over ... $11-plus trillion debt when George Bush left office.
CONTENT: Twice as much (federal) money is going back to Hawaii, Virginia and Alaska than is coming home to Oregon.
CONTENT: The costs of cancer and all affiliated issues are over $20 billion a year to this state.
CONTENT: Trenton politicians cut $1.3 billion from education.
CONTENT: Child care costs in some states now exceed the average price tag for college tuition.
CONTENT: The state bureaucracy Jane Norton managed grew by $43 million in just three years.
CONTENT: U.S. taxpayers paid $71,500 per job created by the stimulus bill.
CONTENT: President Obama budget request for veterans ismore than double the amount in constant dollars appropriated in 1980, when the veterans population was larger by a third.
Node: (23, 28)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Amanda Fritz manages less than 5 percent of city operations.
CONTENT: If the mayor were really serious about supporting Phillys schoolchildren and handling our citys looming fiscal crisis, he could begin by slashing the size of his own administration, which is already 45 percent larger than his predecessors and 40 percent more costly.
CONTENT: Says TriMets own analysis shows that YouthPass does not actually add to the transit agencys costs.
CONTENT: I spent only $36.29 on my campaign for governor.
CONTENT: Says the federal government could save $175,587 by eliminating a study of the connection between cocaine and risky sex habits of the Japanese quail.
CONTENT: In Wisconsin, a woman only earns 80 cents for every $1 a man earns.
CONTENT: More money is dedicated within the Department of Homeland Security to climate change than whats spent combating Islamist terrorists radicalizing over the Internet in the United States of America.
CONTENT: Taxpayers are paying a fortune for the use of Air Force One on the campaign trail by President Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton.
CONTENT: Over the course of one four-year term, it costs taxpayers more than $1 million simply to operate the governors mansion.
CONTENT: $120,000 will be spent by taxpayers on Charlie Crists political photo-op special session.
CONTENT: Says President Barack Obamas proposed budget includes two new tax increases that would collect about $14 billion.
CONTENT: The prosecution of state Sen. Don Balfour cost less than $100, excluding prosecutors salaries.
CONTENT: Cantors campaign spent more at steakhouses than Brat spent on his entire campaign.
CONTENT: Rick Perry accepted more stimulus funds than any other governor except the governors of California and New York.
CONTENT: Creeping defense commitments in (the Middle East) and globally now consume over half the U.S. discretionary budget annually.
CONTENT: California cut about $1.3 billion in child care (during the recession). Weve only reinvested about $300 million.
CONTENT: The day President Obama took office, gasoline was $1.79 a gallon.
Node: (23, 29)--------------------
CONTENT: Expanding Medicaid would require borrowing more money, drastically expanding our deficit.
CONTENT: By the end of this budget Im in right now, taxes will have been cut $4.7 billion in my state.
CONTENT: We paid down the debt for four years -- paid down $600 billion on the national debt.
CONTENT: Florida sends $135 billion and D.C. returns $150 billion.
CONTENT: Says if Oregon had limited its budget growth to the rate of population growth plus the rate of inflation, the states all-funds budget would be about $27 billion today, not $60 billion.
CONTENT: Says President Obamas proposed oil tax would cost consumers 24 cents a gallon.
CONTENT: To pay for government growth, leaders of both parties borrowed $4 billion a day, leaving us with todays $14 trillion debt.
CONTENT: Last year, we borrowed $1.4 trillion -- or 41 cents of every dollar we spent. Over half of this debt is held by foreign investors.
CONTENT: If we just froze spending at 2007 levels ... by 2013 we would balance the budget ... and by 2020 we would cut the national debt in half.
CONTENT: Without ethanol, gas prices would be at least 15% higher. With gas at four bucks, that means youre saving 12 bucks on a 20 gallon fill up.
CONTENT: Under President George W. Bush, the U.S. spent $1.3 trillion on tax cuts for the wealthy and trillions each on a war and on Medicare drug benefits.
CONTENT: Any government-run 'public' plan ... creates an entitlement that will cost another $1 trillion over the next 10 years.
CONTENT: The president has added close to 68,000 troops in the last year, since he came into office, not just the 30,000 you hear, but the others that were added before that.
CONTENT: China now owns $1.1 trillion of our debt, our trade deficit last year with them was a quarter of a trillion dollars.
CONTENT: Americans will spend more on taxes in 2014 than they will on food, clothing and housing combined.
CONTENT: The Buffett Rule will bring in less than $5 billion per year. ... Enough to pay one weeks interest on the national debt.
Node: (24, 0)--------------------
CONTENT: Mr. Caprio is a career politician who has never worked in the private sector.
CONTENT: The presidents health care proposals will cause most Americans to have their premiums increased, not decreased, and hundreds of millions of people lose their current insurance coverage.
CONTENT: Upwards of 90 percent of women seeking an abortion decide not to have an abortion after seeing an ultrasound.
CONTENT: Says Paul Ryans budget plan ends Medicare.
CONTENT: Says Joe Biden went to China and said that he sympathized and wouldnt second-guess their one-child policy of forced abortions and sterilizations.
CONTENT: There is a Republican plan to end Medicare.
CONTENT: The Dog Meat Festival in Yulin, China, threatens global public health.
CONTENT: Says Barack Obama is the first president to appoint 45 czars to replace elected officials in his office.
CONTENT: Higher beer production and higher consumption go hand-in-hand.
CONTENT: Says Barack Obama began his presidency with an apology tour.
CONTENT: South Korea doesnt pay the United States for U.S. troops that protect their country.
CONTENT: All University of Texas student-athletes get an iPad.
CONTENT: Claims Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg said she prefers the South African Constitution over the United States Constitution.
CONTENT: The U.N. Arms Treatyinfringes upon our right to keep and bear arms.
CONTENT: The Miami Dolphins are the only NFL team in the entire nation that pays property taxes.
CONTENT: A national organization says Georgia has one of Americas toughest ethics laws.
CONTENT: Says Mitt Romney runs away from Ronald Reagan.
CONTENT: President Obamas health care law represents a government takeover of health care.
CONTENT: When LBJ started#WarOnPoverty, 14% of Americans lived in poverty. 50 yrs later, 14% still do. Theres a #BetterWay.
CONTENT: Jeb Bushs plan for Social Security is disastrous for seniors and raises the retirement age to 70.
CONTENT: TheCBO saysthe cost of health care reform will rise to $1.8 trillion, increasing the price to far greater than the $900 billion originallyprojected.
CONTENT: Says Obama called Israel "a constant sore" that infects U.S. foreign policy.
CONTENT: A bill to aid state and local governments is fully paid-for by closing costly corporate tax loopholes.
CONTENT: New Jersey alone, my home state, is facing a ten-and-a-half billion dollar shortfall in its 2012 fiscal budget. This means more cuts in state and local spending for education, which means our kids are hurt.
CONTENT: Ben Bernanke has been the most inflationary chairman in the history of the Federal Reserve.
CONTENT: Say Ohio Reps. Marcia Fudge, Marcy Kaptur and Dennis Kucinich are socialists who are openly serving in the U.S. Congress.
CONTENT: The Benghazi probe is the longest-running congressional investigation ever.
CONTENT: The United States is the only major country that taxes its own exports.
CONTENT: This is the year Florida becomes a majority minority state.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clinton has pledged amnesty in her first 100 days, and her plan will provide Obamacare, Social Security, and Medicare for illegal immigrants, breaking the federal budget.
CONTENT: Says Michele Bachmann said English was good enough for Jesus when he wrote the Bible.
Node: (24, 1)--------------------
CONTENT: Statistics bear out that any time a country, a state, makes more restrictive abortion laws ... fatalities go up and abortions actually increase.
CONTENT: As Governor: Romney did not keep public safety funding in line with inflation.
CONTENT: Seniors will have to find $12,500 for health care because Republicans voted to end Medicare.
CONTENT: Recommendations for a major tax overhaul for Georgia are an overall tax hike.
CONTENT: Says New York has bureaucrats telling you whether you can even drink a Big Gulp.
CONTENT: Over the history of Austin, its always gotten more expensive.
CONTENT: The Senate immigration bill unleashes a massive increase in overall immigration. Were talking about a population increase under the Senate bill of over 70 million people in 20 years.
CONTENT: John McCain has "a consistent pattern of ducking important environmental votes."
CONTENT: The Florida Supreme Court has no express authority in the Florida Constitution to remove questions from the ballot proposed by the Legislature.
CONTENT: Says bus riders subsidize the expensive, romanticized Leander-to-Austin train.
CONTENT: Says a new report shows the devastating tax hikes (in the health care law) will have on middle-class Kentuckians.
Node: (24, 2)--------------------
CONTENT: On the VA: Over 300,000 veterans have died waiting for care.
CONTENT: This is what President Obama said the jobless rate would be if we passed the stimulus: 5.6 percent.
CONTENT: Says President Barack Obamas acceptance of an Islamic order and gold medal was unconstitutional.
CONTENT: In the U.S. Senate, Barack Obama "has not reached across party lines to get anything significant done."
CONTENT: The Obama administration offered no magic number of people that needed to sign up for health care on the marketplaces.
CONTENT: A sign in Dearborn, Mich., for the Advancement of Islamic Agenda for America says, Allah be praised. America we will kill you all and nothing you can do to stop it.
CONTENT: The academic achievements of our student-athletes are mentioned in the same breath and spirit as Notre Dame and Stanford.
CONTENT: Says Mexico doesnt have birthright citizenship, and Americans are the only ones to have it.
CONTENT: Says Gov. Scott Walker said no to equal pay for equal work for women.
CONTENT: Says a Republican-drawn map of proposed U.S. House districts for Texas gerrymanders more than nine million Latinos in Texas to make sure that we have no more electoral opportunity than we did in 1991.
CONTENT: Obama's Ten Point Plan to 'Change' The Second Amendment.Ban the manufacture, sale and possession of handguns.
CONTENT: Says Oregons political tax credit is something every state should have and no other state does.
CONTENT: A provision in the health care reform bill for end-of-life counseling for seniors is not entirely voluntary.
CONTENT: Says in January 1992, George H. W. Bush probably had a 90 percent or even higher approval rating after the first Gulf War.
CONTENT: Says that all those who do not answer directly to the president, theyve said (repealing Dont Ask, Dont Tell) is a terrible idea.
CONTENT: The Books Sarah Palin tried to have banned.
CONTENT: Says legislative debate of airport pat-down procedures initiated federal changes in security procedures.
CONTENT: The Iraq war has been "our longest war."
CONTENT: Senate Bill 1070, simply, just mirrors federal law.
CONTENT: Statistics show one male cat can father 420,000 kittens in five years.
CONTENT: Bill Nelsons vote for the Affordable Care Act cuts $500 billion from Medicare to pay for new government programs.
CONTENT: If African-Americans vote their percentage of the population in 2008, "Mississippi is suddenly a Democratic state."
CONTENT: The media widely overlooked comments made by former President Bill Clinton that Hillary Clinton had a terrible concussion that took six months to recover from.
CONTENT: Not one of the 17 GOP candidates has discussed how theyd address the rising cost of college.
CONTENT: Says tanking Rick Perrys federal tax plan has huge tax cuts for rich people and big tax hikes for everyone else.
CONTENT: Under Gov. Romneys definition ... Donald Trump is a small business.
CONTENT: Republican candidate for governor Nathan Deal explicitly voted to fund abortions ...
Node: (24, 3)--------------------
CONTENT: We have towns in West Texas that are out of water, that are having to truck in water.
CONTENT: The omnibus bill has only $3.8 billion in earmarks.
CONTENT: Wisconsin has only one county, Dane, thats hand counting the votes in the 2016 presidential recount.
CONTENT: Says Donald Trump doesnt make a thing in America.
CONTENT: The weight of the evidence (on global warming) is that most of it, maybe all of it, is because of natural causes ... its fair to say the science is in dispute.
CONTENT: Page 92 of the House health care bill "says specifically that people can't purchase private health insurance after a date certain."
CONTENT: Some city of Atlanta employees have not had raises in eight years.
CONTENT: With Obamacare,You have no options ..you cant get competitive bidding.
CONTENT: The Democrats are very sly. (in New Hampshire) we have same day voter registration, and to be honest, when Massachusetts elections are not very close, theyre busing them in all over the place.
CONTENT: Says a national Coca-Cola study showed Texans love Texas more than residents of any other state love their state; Wisconsinites ranked second.
CONTENT: This is the same (farm) bill we voted on a few weeks ago, with the exception of one or two sentences.
CONTENT: Says its an old wives story that Margaret Thatcher told George H.W. Bush not to go wobbly.
CONTENT: The immigration bill includes free Obamacars, motorcycles or scooters.
CONTENT: Among his (Obama's) pet projects is a bill ... which would commit the U.S. to spending 0.7 percent of gross national product on foreign aid.
CONTENT: In Florida, we have the lowest in-state tuition of any state.
CONTENT: Says that Rep. Betty Sutton would rather riot with Occupy (Wall Street) than stand up for Ohio families.
CONTENT: Responding to a major snow event in Atlanta would be like Kansas City, Mo., responding to a major earthquake.
CONTENT: Says a quote at the top of the redesigned website for the Department of Justice comes from a socialist who wanted to impose global common law.
CONTENT: The St. Norbert College/Wisconsin Public Radio poll has been wrong in almost every election.
CONTENT: If you look up the dictionary definition of happiness at the time of our founders happiness was not doing what you want to do but doing what you ought to do.
CONTENT: Says President Barack Obama neversaid, No boots on the ground in Syria.
CONTENT: Says his Patient OPTION Act is the only Republican plan that completely repeals Obamacare and it takes the federal bureaucrat out of decisions for you.
CONTENT: I signed the largest single tax cut in the history of Florida, a $25 billion tax cut over five years, directed at property tax cuts.
CONTENT: Says gubernatorial candidate Clay Pell hasnt spent a dime on advertising.
CONTENT: I was totally against the war in Iraq, saying for many years that it would destabilize the Middle East.
CONTENT: Blue Cross headquarters has "a $30,000 granite table."
CONTENT: Says that President Obama said, Nobody made these guys go to war. ... Now they whine about bearing the costs of their choice?
CONTENT: Theres a tremendous other number of public officials who have done the same thing as Hillary Clinton with a private email server.
Node: (24, 4)--------------------
CONTENT: Barack Obama has never even worked in business.
CONTENT: David Dewhurst has a record of promoting an income tax.
CONTENT: Look at the debt that has been accumulated in the last two years. Its more debt under this president than all those other presidents combined.
CONTENT: Says that according to one economist, $1 of unemployment benefits boosts the economy by $1.61.
CONTENT: Congress is on vacation.
CONTENT: (New Jersey Network) is the only news station which covers New Jersey government.
CONTENT: The numbers of people that support Obamacare and like it have been steadily dropping.
CONTENT: Says that as president, Barack Obama has not gone to the Texas-Mexico border
CONTENT: Congress is on a five-week vacation.
CONTENT: Says Ann Kuster said the debate over Americas debt limit is not an important issue of the day.
CONTENT: Says according to recent polls,no Republican candidate is doing better against Hillary Clinton than myself.
CONTENT: America used to be the third easiest country to get established in a business. Its now number 17.
CONTENT: Says President Barack Obama has not raised taxes.
CONTENT: Miami-Dade has the nations highest-rated tap water.
CONTENT: In the Senate version of the health reform bill, "Every enrollee in the Office of Personnel Management enrolled plan, every enrollee has to pay a minimum of $1 per month towards reproductive rights, which includes abortion."
Node: (24, 5)--------------------
CONTENT: Jim Dunnam has not lived in the district he represents for years now.
CONTENT: Its hard to get people in Portland to vote yes on ballot measures, especially when theres opposition.
CONTENT: On same-sex marriage.
CONTENT: Says five studies show his tax plan can cut rates and still bring the same revenue without raising taxes on the middle class.
CONTENT: Do this research watch how much crime picks up if you take away [football].
CONTENT: On changing the rules for filibusters on presidential nominees
CONTENT: Says raising the state income tax rate on millionaires to offset property taxes for other residents is not a tax increase. Its a tax shift.
CONTENT: Says Mitt Romney plans to fire Big Bird.
CONTENT: On changing the rules for filibusters on presidential nominees
CONTENT: On gay marriage
CONTENT: On serving out his gubernatorial term
CONTENT: On changing the rules for filibusters on presidential nominees
CONTENT: Says Ted Strickland supported giving $150 billion to Iranian regime that persecutes women, Christians and gays.
Node: (24, 6)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Rick Perry wrote a letter supporting Hillarycare.
CONTENT: On repeal of Wisconsins smoking ban
CONTENT: Says rejecting federal aid to expand Medicaid in Texas will send $9 billion in federal taxes paid by Texans to other states to insure their working poor.
CONTENT: On supporting the budget proposed by Rep. Paul Ryan
CONTENT: Says Tom Hughes supports paving over thousands of acres with over-development and sprawl.
CONTENT: On same-sex marriage
CONTENT: On charging a toll for motorists to use Ga. 400 after it was slated to expire
CONTENT: Sean Duffy backed plan to privatize Social Security.
CONTENT: On adoption by gay couples
CONTENT: Nobodys addicted to marijuana.
CONTENT: Says he voted no on the Wall Street bailouts.
CONTENT: Says his plan to raise car registration to $56 would still leave Virginia with a fee thats equal to or lower than most states.
CONTENT: Paul Workman wants to raise the sales tax.
CONTENT: Says, The Democrats proposed budget is also balanced by using more in new tax revenue than in total PERS reform or savings.
CONTENT: Says he faced a record budget deficit in Virginia in 2014.
Node: (24, 7)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Rick Perry doubled spending in a decade.
CONTENT: Says critics called the original GI Bill welfare.
CONTENT: On assault weapon violence: Ducks have more protection than people in Virginia.
CONTENT: On running a civil and polite campaign
CONTENT: On supporting winner of Democratic primary with her superdelegate vote.
CONTENT: On repealing the 17th Amendment
CONTENT: On repealing the 17th Amendment
CONTENT: Says Suzanne Bonamici supports the $500 billion cut to Medicare passed last year.
CONTENT: Says he has supported George Bush more than I have Barack Obama.
CONTENT: On advancing state money for a Formula One race
CONTENT: On the importance of an independent voting record
CONTENT: The Greenest County in America.
CONTENT: David Perdue supports Common Core
CONTENT: Says the 2014-15 state budget cut border security and funding to fight criminal gangs.
CONTENT: On sharing power with Republicans
CONTENT: Glen Sturtevant is against smaller class sizes.
CONTENT: Says Tom Barrett voted to ban 15 different kinds of guns, even a lot of common deer rifles.
CONTENT: Says Patrick Murphy wrongly conveyed Rubios stance on abortion for women infected by Zika.
CONTENT: Romneycare was model for Obamacare.
CONTENT: Says President Barack Obamas homeland security budget had $16 million to fight climate change but didnt have a line item to fight violent extremism.
CONTENT: Says Russ Feingold said that with Obamacare, we could keep our doctors and our plans, it was rated as the Lie of the Year.
CONTENT: On a government spending freeze.
CONTENT: On the success of Cash for Clunkers
CONTENT: On his definition of takers and makers
Node: (24, 8)--------------------
CONTENT: Obama voted "to cut off funding for our American troops on the battlefield."
CONTENT: U.S. global AIDS spending helped reduce political instability and violence by 40 percent in recipient nations.
CONTENT: On drilling off the Atlantic coast
CONTENT: Virginia papers called (Scott) Rigells campaign Mostly False.
CONTENT: On the Cuba embargo.
CONTENT: On support for U.S. Rep. Paul Ryans Medicare reform plan
CONTENT: On support for the Export-Import Bank
CONTENT: Texas #2 in nation for new gun purchases, behind California.
CONTENT: On bipartisan redistricting.
CONTENT: On support for the Export-Import Bank
CONTENT: On sequestration
CONTENT: On switching parties.
CONTENT: On oil drilling off Virginias coast.
CONTENT: Steve Santarsiero wrote PAs Gun Safety Law.
CONTENT: Withheld union dues fund half of Dem (Democratic) campaigns in Florida.
CONTENT: On support for the Bridge to Nowhere.
Node: (24, 9)--------------------
CONTENT: Says in regard to providing more tax cuts for the rich, Bill Pascrell said, Republicans had great ideas. I liked some of their ideas.
CONTENT: Every year in the United States between 3,000 and 4,500 severe vaccine reactions are reported to the Centers for Disease Control. Not mild reactions. Severe reactions that land somebody in the hospital, the intensive care unit or cause a permanent disability or death.
CONTENT: This president went before the United Nations and castigated Israel for building settlements. He said nothing about thousands of rockets being rained in on Israel from the Gaza Strip.
CONTENT: Says Obama sent $450 million to China to build a wind farm in Texas.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clinton presided over $6 billion lost at the State Department, sold uranium to the Russians through (her) faux charity, illegally deleted public records, and murdered an ambassador.
CONTENT: Over 300K home owner suicides attributed to foreclosures.
CONTENT: Says Chris Christie vetoed equal pay for women 3 times. He only let the bill pass once it became a damaging campaign issue.
CONTENT: Says Scott Brown co-sponsored legislationto let employers deny women coverage formammograms.
CONTENT: Says Joe Kyrillos voted to raid the states pension funds by $2.8 billion that is costing New Jersey taxpayers still today to the tune of nearly $15 billion dollars to repay that money.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clintons State Department approved the transfer of 20 percent of Americas uranium holdings to Russia, while nine investors in the deal funneled $145 million to the Clinton Foundation.
CONTENT: John Cornyn voted twice in 2013 to back Obamas amnesty plan.
Node: (24, 10)--------------------
CONTENT: Christian Pastor in Vermont Sentenced to One Year in Prison After Refusing to Marry Gay Couple
CONTENT: Says Steve Kagen promised us jobs, voting for the $787 billion stimulus. Cost: another 77,000 jobs lost.
CONTENT: Says Majority Leader Eric Cantor called for abolishing Social Security and Medicare.
CONTENT: Former President Bill Clinton and his Clinton Health Access Initiative (CHAI) distributed watered-down HIV/AIDSdrugs to patients in sub-Saharan Africa.
CONTENT: Blocking a U.S. Supreme Court nomination during the remaining months of President Obamas term would leave the nations highest court with an unprecedented year-long vacancy.
CONTENT: Toomey crossed party lines to stop gun sales to suspects on the terror watch list.
CONTENT: Says Thomas Jefferson helped craft the Constitution.
CONTENT: Says U.S. Rep. Martin Heinrich spent a trillion of our tax dollars on a stimulus for failed companies here and jobs overseas.
CONTENT: Obama regime planned the influx of illegal alien children at the border.
CONTENT: Says Mary Burkes 2007-09 state budget had a tax hike of $1.8 billion -- costing every man, woman and child in the state an extra $310.
CONTENT: Joe Garcia raised utility rates on families.
CONTENT: Says he did not vote for Nancy Pelosi for speaker of the House.
CONTENT: McCain "voted to cut education funding, against accountability standards. He even proposed abolishing the Department of Education."
CONTENT: (Sen. Robert) Gordon cost us money, exempting the Newark sports arena from paying property taxes and sticking us with the bill.
CONTENT: Says Connie Mack failed to pay his child support.
CONTENT: Obesity kills 34 children per hour.
CONTENT: In 2011, (the Islamic State) attempted to attack Fort Knox.
CONTENT: Signs letter saying Consumer Product Safety Commission is acting without consultation or input from the company to stop the sale of Buckyballs.
Node: (24, 11)--------------------
CONTENT: U.S. police killed more people in just one month than the U.K.s did in over a century.
CONTENT: President Barack Obama ordered our military to enlist illegal aliens.
CONTENT: Muslims attempted to establish the first Islamic Sharia court inside the United States in the town of Irving, Texas.
CONTENT: An aide acted on his own and was not representing the Thompson campaign when he sent an email criticizing the sexual orientation of U.S. Senate candidate Tammy Baldwin.
CONTENT: Tampa mayoral opponent Bob Buckhorn supported forcing police officers to keep their guns locked in the trunks of their cruisers.
CONTENT: Says Ronald Reagan got the Saudis to flood the market with cheap oil.
CONTENT: The war in Iraq was a major factor in blowing the top off the price of oil.
CONTENT: Said Planned Parenthoods early objective was to help kill black babies before they came into the world.
CONTENT: Says GOP U.S. Rep. Sean Duffy of Wisconsin voted twice to end Medicare.
CONTENT: Fox News said the New Black Panther Party decided the election for Barack Obama.
CONTENT: SaysPresident Obama hijacked the farm bill (and) turned it into a food stamp bill.
CONTENT: Says Joe Sestak voted to gut Medicare ... reducing benefits for 854,489 seniors and jeopardizing access to care for millions.
CONTENT: Morgan Griffith fought for a plan that would have taken money away from our schools and given it to Northern Virginia schools instead.
CONTENT: Gov. Rick Scott tried to kick 180,000 people off the voter rolls.
CONTENT: Says Nathan Deal killed pro-gun bills in 2013.
CONTENT: Says he took down the mob in Northeast Ohio
CONTENT: Hillary Clinton surged the trade deficit with China 40% as Secretary of State, costing Americans millions of jobs.
CONTENT: Gov. Bob McDonnell launched a raid on public education to pay for roads.
CONTENT: A Dallas proof-of-insurance ordinance resulted in area tow lots mostly filling with the cars of illegal residents.
CONTENT: Protesters attacked the groups headquarters with graffiti on the sidewalk and stenciled images smeared on the building and statue.
CONTENT: Says he signed legislation leading to 12 Texas abortion clinics being closed.
CONTENT: Says Lois Frankel took a 40 percent pay raise as mayor while West Palm Beach lost jobs.
Node: (24, 12)--------------------
CONTENT: Says he was a Marine during Vietnam.
CONTENT: When I was U.S. Attorney we wound up putting 10 percent of the state Legislature in jail during my seven years.
CONTENT: Perdue mismanaged Pillowtex, and nearly 8,000 people got laid off.
Node: (24, 13)--------------------
CONTENT: Nobody suffered any lasting injuries from the CIA interrogation program.
CONTENT: Says U.S. Rep. Connie Mack took seven and a half years to finish college.
CONTENT: The McCain campaign "did not elaborate" on Obama's ties to ACORN.
CONTENT: We did not seek an impeachment of President Bush.
CONTENT: Tuition-free public universities and colleges are just a pipe dream. False. They were both free up until the Vietnam War.
CONTENT: SaysHillary Clinton took 13 hours to send help to Americans under fire during the terrorist attack in Benghazi.
CONTENT: Senator Jeff Plale saved my job -- and some 300 others at Bucyrus International.
CONTENT: During the (Benghazi) attack, a stand-down order was given, and our troops were told to change their clothes four times.
CONTENT: Says Scott Walkers defunding of Planned Parenthood left women across the state stranded with nowhere else to turn for cancer screenings, breast exams and birth control.
CONTENT: Says she wiped out the state Agriculture Departments inspections of eggs at retail sites like grocery stores.
Node: (24, 14)--------------------
CONTENT: Barack Obama's church gave a lifetime achievement award to Louis Farrakhan.
CONTENT: The American slave trade caused 5 million deaths or more.
CONTENT: 300,000 Floridians have lost their health insurance as a result of Obamacare.
CONTENT: Says eight Americans died in a knife attack at a Minnesota mall.
Node: (24, 17)--------------------
CONTENT: The state of Ohio has one of the lowest unemployment rates in the nation right now and is leading the pack in terms of job creation.
CONTENT: Says New Hampshire has the third-highest property tax in the country.
CONTENT: Says businesses pay roughly 60 percent of taxes in Texas.
CONTENT: Austin has over 1,000 city employees that make six-figure salaries.
CONTENT: The top 1 percent of income earners pay 40 percent of all state income taxes, and those at the bottom pay little or nothing.
CONTENT: Americas wealthiest 25 percent pay 86 percent of total income taxes. Wealthiest 5 percent pay 60 percent of total income taxes.
CONTENT: Our average private sector employee pays 23 percent for their health care. Our average city worker in Ohio pays 9 percent.
CONTENT: Rhode Island has a very generous unemployment compensation rate compared to most other states.
CONTENT: Texas has the sixth-highest property taxes in the nation.
CONTENT: Medicaid is the primary source of health insurance for 41.7 percent of Hispanic children in Georgia.
Node: (24, 18)--------------------
CONTENT: Small businesses create 70 percent of the jobs in America.
CONTENT: Since Republicans took over after the 2010 election, the graduation rate in Wisconsin has gone from 86 percent to 88 percent. The black graduation rate has gone from 60 percent to 65 percent. The Latino graduation rate has gone from 65 percent to 71 percent.
CONTENT: There's more than 100,000 people working at the Department of Agriculture. That's 1 employee for every 30 farmers.
CONTENT: For every $10,000 invested in business incubators, up to nearly 70 local jobs are generated.
CONTENT: If you take into account all the people who are struggling for work, or have just stopped looking, the real unemployment rate is over 15 percent.
CONTENT: Central Health is the only hospital district in Texas that spends taxpayer dollars on abortions.
CONTENT: When adjusted for inflation, (Texas) per-student spending has remained relatively flat over the past 16 years. Despite that trend, Texas schools in 2017 will receive $381 less per student than they did in 2003.
CONTENT: Californians consume 40 percent less energy per person than the national average
CONTENT: The labor force participation rate -- the share of the potential workforce that is actually working or looking for work-- currently stands below 63%, the lowest level since the 1970s.
CONTENT: Rhode Island spends less than 10 percent of what the average state spends promoting tourism.
CONTENT: Women fill two-thirds of minimum wage jobs.
CONTENT: Switzerland (where the government) issues every household a gun . . . has the lowest gun related crime rate of any civilized country in the world!!!
CONTENT: Both the state and federal governments make more per gallon in gas taxes than the oil companies make themselves for doing all the work.
Node: (24, 19)--------------------
CONTENT: Last year it was discovered that Rhode Islands public employees ranked 4th in average pay, while the private sector ranked 23rd.
CONTENT: Says if labor force participation rate were the same as when Barack Obama became president, unemployment would be 11 percent.
CONTENT: In 2011, the average annual compensation for a teacher in the Milwaukee Public Schools system will exceed $100,000.
CONTENT: Women in Oregon are paid 79 cents for every dollar paid to men. If the wage gap was eliminated, a working woman in Oregon would have enough money for 2,877 gallons of gas, 72 more weeks of food for her family or nearly 12 more months of rent.
CONTENT: In the 2011 legislative session, DEQs budget was cut 18.5 percent a disproportionate cut compared to other natural resource agencies.
CONTENT: [The state ethics commission] took absolutely the same percent of cuts as most other state agencies. They were somewhere in the 7 percent range same as the governors office.
CONTENT: Says that when adjusted for inflation and population growth, state general revenue spending has decreased 10.7 percent on his watch.
CONTENT: Says the Beaumont school districts superintendent is the highest-paid in the state.
CONTENT: On average, women make 77 cents for every dollar men make.
CONTENT: Says under his utility rate plan, An estimated 50 percent of our residential households will see a decrease in their water and wastewater bills.
CONTENT: Less than four cents of every health care dollar is spent on prevention and public health.
Node: (24, 20)--------------------
CONTENT: Part of the increase in the cost (of higher education) has been because state support has dropped. We now spend, under Governor Walker, more on corrections than we do on higher education.
CONTENT: Says cuts by Gov. Rick Perrys administration left 12,000 teachers without a job.
CONTENT: Says the Treasury Department says 41 percent of all business income reported on individual returns would be hit by the [millionaires] surtax that would harm small businessmen and women, the very people we are counting on to create new jobs.
CONTENT: Republicans control the U.S. Senate with 54 seats, but those 54 senators were elected by only two-thirds the number of voters who elected the Democrats. In the Senate, the majority party represents a minority of the people.
CONTENT: In the past three years, state legislatures have enacted more of these restrictions (on abortion) than in the previous 10 years combined.
CONTENT: Our economy could fall $1 trillion short of its full capacity, which translates into more than $12,000 in lost income for a family of four.
CONTENT: Floridas high school graduation rates continue to increase at the fastest rate in the nation, with Florida leading the nation in the rate of Hispanic graduates.
CONTENT: The total (state) payroll has gone down. The total amount of the number of workers in the state has gone down. I like the fact that the bulk of that is just by retirements.
Node: (24, 21)--------------------
CONTENT: Ninety-seven percent of the time. Thats how often Mark Warner votes with President Obama.
CONTENT: Says the military accounts for about 10 percent of Floridas economy.
CONTENT: The geography of poverty has changed fundamentally in the last 15 years, with more of it concentrated in fragile and conflict states.
CONTENT: The last time Republicans held hostage a resolution to ensure that our countrys bills were paid cost us more than $1 billion in added interest and slowed the economic recovery.
CONTENT: Likens Obamas predicament to 1982, saying, when Reagan just started out, (unemployment was at) exactly the same point. He was two years into his term. The unemployment was well over 10 percent, and it did come out of it.
CONTENT: Says his reform efforts improved performance at all 10 low-performing schools in Palm Beach, Florida.
CONTENT: The governors not taking his own fiscal advice. ... In the first fiscal quarter of this year, weve seen a 13.5 percent increase in spending, double-digit spending out of the executive branch in the State of Texas.
CONTENT: Says adding toll lanes on I-95 in Broward County improved rush-hour traffic for non-toll lanes from 25 mph to 45 mph.
CONTENT: The stimulus "has delivered $43 billion in tax relief to American working families and businesses"
Node: (24, 22)--------------------
CONTENT: In Atlanta, since 1994 when the Seven Deadly Sins (mandatory minimum sentences) took effect, the violent crime rate has dropped 62 percent.
CONTENT: Says for the first time in the history of the United States, the government cut taxes during wartime
CONTENT: Under Charlie Crist, Florida lost 825,000 jobs and the unemployment rate increased from 3.5 percent to 11.1 percent.
CONTENT: Under Republican Chris Christie, New Jersey had the highest increase in unemployment in the country last year. Nearly 1 in 10 jobless. The worst unemployment in the region. Near the bottom in economic growth, yet Christie protected a tax cut for millionaires but vetoed a minimum wage hike.
CONTENT: Says that under President John F. Kennedy, government took up 27 percent of the economy, and today it consumes 37 percent.
CONTENT: Says we brought crime rate down by 30 percent when he was mayor of Dallas.
CONTENT: Says New Jersey lost private-sector jobs between 2000 and 2009 because Democrats increased taxes, fees, regulations and state spending.
Node: (24, 23)--------------------
CONTENT: When the United States "first created the federal income tax, frankly, nobody below a million dollars a year paid anything."
CONTENT: The stimulus program cut taxes for 95 percent of the American people.
CONTENT: Last year, we saw the first reduction in the federal prison population in 32 years.
CONTENT: Despite raising taxes on the wealthy and hiking the minimum wage, Minnesota is creating jobs at a record pace, unemployment is at a historic low, median income is skyrocketing, and (the) state has a billion-dollar surplus.
CONTENT: Over the last four years, 53 percent of black wealth has just disappeared.
CONTENT: President Clinton reduced the scale of our military dramatically.
CONTENT: The African-American community lost half of their wealth as a result of the Wall Street collapse.
CONTENT: A record number of Hispanics were elected to the U.S House of Representatives...
CONTENT: Sixty percent of Americans now support legalizing marijuana.
CONTENT: Since Rick Perry became governor, poverty rates in Texas increased from 15.1% to 17.5% which is higher than the national average.
CONTENT: When we had a conservative Republican president we were losing 750,000 jobs a month.
CONTENT: The changes to Georgias tax and fee structure is an overall tax cut.
CONTENT: One-third of the economic stimulus package was tax cuts.
CONTENT: Says Mitt Romney raised business taxes 20 percent in Massachusetts.
CONTENT: Over the past two years, Florida has cut more than $1 billion in taxes.
Node: (24, 24)--------------------
CONTENT: Unemployment in Texas has risen over two percentage points with Rick Perry as governor.
CONTENT: Parents and teachers are already worrying about what they call the Trump Effect. They report that bullying and harassment are on the rise in our schools, especially targeting students of color, Muslimsand immigrants.
CONTENT: Our economy (in Louisiana) has grown 50 percent faster than the national GDP, even since the national recession.
CONTENT: During the Reagan era, "the richest Americans had their top income tax rate cut in half."
CONTENT: The Obama administration estimates the number of children at the border is going to increase to 150,000 to 200,000 next year.
CONTENT: Raising taxes on investment income has actually lowered the revenue received from the tax, while cutting capital gains tax rates has increased revenue.
CONTENT: Tax rates were significantly higher "in the '40s, the '50s, and the '60s."
CONTENT: Obamacare medical device tax has led to the loss of thousands of jobs in U.S.
Node: (24, 25)--------------------
CONTENT: Inflation-adjusted defense spending has declined 21 percent since 2010, and even if we discount the drawdowns in Iraq and Afghanistan, it has still declined by a dangerous 12 percent.
CONTENT: Fireworks have never been safer, and their use continues to increase each year.
CONTENT: Prices are going up. Unemployment is continuing to go up.
CONTENT: Today, home sales are up nearly 50 percent from where they were in the worst of the crisis.
CONTENT: Canadian middle class incomes are now higher than in the United States. They are working fewer hours for more pay, living longer on average, and facing less income inequality.
CONTENT: Weve seen a remarkable reduction in the number of Americans being executed -- its down nearly two-thirds over the past generation.
CONTENT: (Since 1990)every continent has seen substantial gains, with individual incomes growing by more than a third in every region of the developing world.
CONTENT: The number of people who believeinsocialism ...is increasing.
CONTENT: In the U.S., African-Americans continue to be arrested at nearly three and one half times the rate of whites on marijuana charges.
CONTENT: Says that over the last decade, the states population grew three times faster than the Texas state tax system.
CONTENT: Since 1990, in inflation-adjusted dollars, per-student funding of the (Florida) state university system from general revenue has dropped by about $4,000.
CONTENT: When union membership goes down, so do (middle class) wages.
CONTENT: Explosive growth in Medicare is the reason federal deficit spending is predicted to top $1 trillion again after falling to $600 billion annually.
Node: (24, 26)--------------------
CONTENT: We now have driven (health care) costs down to the lowest theyve been in 50 years.
CONTENT: The Hispanic population in Gwinnett and Henry counties has increased by 153 percent and 339 percent, respectively, since 2000 while Republican presidential candidates are getting a smaller percentage of the vote in those counties.
CONTENT: President Obama has increased the federal workforce 192,000 individuals -- about 10 percent since hes taken office -- while weve lost 2 million jobs.
CONTENT: Food stamp spending doubled under President Bush, doubled again under President Obama.
CONTENT: In 2009, Democratic Wisconsin state senators rammed through a billion-dollar tax hike in 24 hours with no public input.
CONTENT: In the last 15 years, weve witnessed a dramatic expansion in the jailing of immigrants, from about 70,000 people detained annually to about 400,000.
CONTENT: Over the last 40 years, this countrys prison population has grown by 500 percent.
CONTENT: Since 2010, America has put more people back to work than Europe, Japan, and all advanced economies combined.
CONTENT: Thanks to President Bush's policies....The income gap is now higher than at any time since the Great Depression.
CONTENT: Americans will spend more on taxes in 2015 than on food, clothing and housing combined.
CONTENT: The growth rate of women-owned businesses in Texas has nearly doubled that of the nation since President Obama has taken office.
CONTENT: Health insurance premiums "have almost doubled ... since 2000."
CONTENT: Taxes on groceries and medicine will rise under a plan to improve roads and rail for metro Atlanta.
CONTENT: In Virginia, Medicaid has grown by 1,600 percent in the last 30 years.
CONTENT: In Florida, the number of voters who now register as other has grown by a million in the last 10 years. Compare that with the Democrats, who only grew by 300,000 and the Republicans who grew by just 200,000.
CONTENT: Says under President Barack Obama, the United States has created five million jobs.
CONTENT: Says by reducing chronic health care costs in the State of Georgia, we can reduce the $32.8 billion lost each year due to lack of productivity and economic costs.
CONTENT: The fiscal cliff deal increased spending.
CONTENT: When Nancy Nusbaum was Brown County executive, spending went up nearly 50 percent.
CONTENT: College tuition rates in Texas jumped by 55% since 2003.
CONTENT: Under President Barack Obama, more Americans are in poverty ... than at any time since the Census Bureau began keeping records on it over 50 years ago.
CONTENT: Since February 2009, the private sector has lost millions of jobs while the federal government has grown by hundreds of thousands of workers.
Node: (24, 27)--------------------
CONTENT: The Postal Services financial losses result from a 2006 law that drains $5 billion a year from post office revenue, while the Postal Service is forced to overpay billions more into federal accounts.
CONTENT: When Jeb (Bush) was governor, his first four years as governor, his Medicaid program grew twice as fast as mine.
CONTENT: Money towards the Ebola vaccine is basically cut in half to what it was. More cuts are coming under the congressional sequester.
CONTENT: In renewable and advanced energy manufacturing projects, Ohio now ranks first among the 50 states.
CONTENT: The Milwaukee County Boards staff grew from four workers to 38 over four decades and now costs taxpayers a lot more, while the total county workforce was more than cut in half in the same period.
CONTENT: Since taking office in January 2011, the rainy day fund has increased by 226 percent.
CONTENT: We cut our deficits by more than half.
CONTENT: The income tax that started at 2 percent under Governor Byrne is now 9 percent.
CONTENT: We expanded charter schools.
CONTENT: Under Republican Governor Chris Christie, tolls cost more. Train and bus rides cost more. College tuition goes up. But Christie protected a tax cut for millionaires.
Node: (24, 28)--------------------
CONTENT: The Florida Legislature raised taxes and fees by almost $2 billion in the 2009 session.
CONTENT: The Congressional Budget Office analysis of the health insurance reform legislation says the bill "cuts the deficit by $1.2 trillion in the second 10 years."
CONTENT: The health care reform law reduces the deficit by nearly $1.2 trillion over the next two decades.
CONTENT: For the second quarter in a row, my campaign has raised more money than any other challenger in the nation and brought our fundraising total to over $800,000.
CONTENT: In 2011, our state-run lottery funded New Jersey classrooms by over $930 million.
CONTENT: President Obama has added $4 billion in debt every day.
CONTENT: About halfway through fiscal year 2009, Washington has run out of money.
CONTENT: Last year we spent more than $40 billion on highways. And Lord knows we need that. But thats more than we spent on Amtrak in its entire 40-year history.
CONTENT: We currently have one guy who is in charge of painting the entire Milwaukee County parks system.
CONTENT: The Bush tax cuts helped to create a substantial part of the deficit.
CONTENT: Says the U.S. borrows 42 cents of every dollar Washington spends today and about half of that comes from countries like China.
Node: (24, 29)--------------------
CONTENT: Last year, Exxon pocketed nearly $4.7 million every hour.
CONTENT: Because of the health care law, by 2017, we will be funneling over $100 billion annually to private insurance companies.
CONTENT: We already have $23 billion worth of debt.
CONTENT: Scary fact about our national debt. In 1791 it was $75 million. Today, it rises by that amount in about an hour.
CONTENT: By the end of this decade, the interest we owe on our debt could rise to nearly $1 trillion.
CONTENT: The first installment of health care reform ... will raise the deficit by $250 billion.
CONTENT: Our spending has caught up with us, and our debt soon will eclipse the entire size of our national economy.
CONTENT: Under current conditions, by 2023, the interest payments on the national debt will be $722 billion, larger than the projected defense spending of $696 billion.
CONTENT: Says the Georgia Dome would need up to $350 million in work over the next five to seven years.
CONTENT: If public employees dont pay more for benefits starting April 1, 2011, the equivalent is 1,500 state employee layoffs by June 30, 2011 and 10,000 to 12,000 state and local government employee layoffs in the next two years.
CONTENT: A new presidential helicopter is now going to cost as much as Air Force One.
CONTENT: State Medicaid expansion will save our treasury $1 billion over the next eight years.
CONTENT: Marco Rubios economic proposals will add $3.5 trillion to the federal deficit.
CONTENT: The next state budget will begin with a surplus of over half a billion dollars -- $535 million to be exact.
CONTENT: In just a few decades, Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid, other mandatory spending programs, and paying interest due on the debt will eclipse our entire budget.
CONTENT: The federal government borrows $4 billion every day.
Node: (25, 0)--------------------
CONTENT: Its costing every American who is insured $1,100 to pick up the cost of uncompensated care that goes on at the emergency room.
CONTENT: Claims Wisconsin Senate Majority Leader Scott Fitzgerald said: It is necessary to eliminate unions in order to balance future budgets.
CONTENT: My husband didn't wrap up the nomination until June.
CONTENT: Michael Bennet cast the deciding vote for the stimulus and the health care bill.
CONTENT: Says the U.S. election system is rigged.
CONTENT: Says Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker is denying Democrats the right to vote.
CONTENT: [State Rep. Doug McKillips] donors deserve a refund.
CONTENT: Says South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley is an immigrant.
CONTENT: Says Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker literally invented a $3.6 billion deficit.
CONTENT: The Benghazi victims were left helpless to die as Hillary Clinton soundly slept in her bed.
CONTENT: Jay-Z and Beyonce Attempt to Buy Rights to Confederate Flag to Prevent Further Use.
CONTENT: Says Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker turned a $1 billion surplus into a $2.2 billion budget deficit.
CONTENT: We get practically nothing compared to the cost of keeping U.S. military forces in South Korea.
CONTENT: This is the worst jobs recovery since the Great Depression.
CONTENT: A bill to save teacher jobs is completely paid for by closing corporate tax loopholes.
CONTENT: Preventive care saves money, for families, for businesses, for government, for everybody.
CONTENT: As Milwaukee County executive, Scott Walker eliminated the waiting list for long-term care for older adults through the Family Care program.
Node: (25, 1)--------------------
CONTENT: Sen. McCain's tax plan provides "virtually nothing to the middle class."
CONTENT: Obamacare is the biggest tax increase in American history.
CONTENT: The American people support defunding Obamacare and oppose shutting down the government.
CONTENT: Wisconsin is one of the bluest states, but under Scott Walker its unemployment rate is around 3.5%.
CONTENT: On whether to seat Roland Burris as the new senator from Illinois.
CONTENT: The presidents own advisers have said theres a war on coal.
CONTENT: Global warming is a hoax.
CONTENT: The Democratic health care plan is a "government takeover of our health programs."
CONTENT: NAFTA, signed by Bill Clinton, has been a disaster for Pennsylvania.
CONTENT: Without representation, (the IRS) can increase taxes.
CONTENT: Says the Donald J.Trump Foundations money is his money.
CONTENT: The health care reform bill -- on Page 16 -- outlaws private insurance.
CONTENT: Says the national health care law puts federal bureaucrats between an American citizen and her doctor.
CONTENT: Says President Barack Obamas health care law is expected to destroy 2.3 million jobs.
CONTENT: The Democratic health care plan is a "government takeover of nearly 20 percent of our economy."
CONTENT: Allowing all Bush income tax cuts to expire on Dec. 31 will amount to the largest tax increase in the history of America.
CONTENT: Assertions that it makes no difference whether children are raised by heterosexual or homosexual parents have been shattered by the latest and best social science and research.
CONTENT: Says Gov. Scott Walker has made Wisconsin 2nd in the nation in losing jobs.
CONTENT: In a sweetheart deal members of Congress, thanks to the Obama administration, are going to be the only people in America to get subsidies in the Obamacare exchanges.
CONTENT: Says Ralph Hall is the oldest member in Congress ever.
CONTENT: Rob Cornilles is a Tea Party candidate.
CONTENT: Social science is irrefutable that children are better off being raised by a mom and a dad.
CONTENT: Only one president has ever cut Medicare for seniors in this country . . . Barack Obama.
CONTENT: Says he has nearly 200 delegates bound to support his candidacy at the Republican National Convention.
Node: (25, 2)--------------------
CONTENT: Libya supplies the oil for China. We get no oil from Libya.
CONTENT: This years redistricting has been the most open, interactive and transparent redistricting process in Tennessee history.
CONTENT: The countrys bankrupt.
CONTENT: Says Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walkers budget calls for raising property taxes by nearly $500 billion.
CONTENT: Says Gov. Scott Walker has been rated Americas most factually-challenged politician.
CONTENT: The financial services regulatory bill "will end taxpayer bailouts."
CONTENT: This is the true picture of Milwaukees Renaissance after 12 years of Mayor Tom Barretts leadership.
CONTENT: Jobs that involve the minimum wage are overwhelmingly jobs for young people starting out in the workforce.
CONTENT: Says the national heath care reform is a government takeover of health care.
CONTENT: Mitt Romneys platform ...wont protect the mortgage interest (tax) deduction for middle-class families.
CONTENT: The deal to raise the nations debt ceiling will directly link a debt ceiling increase to spending cuts for the first time ever.
CONTENT: A study by the University of Virginia pulls back the curtain on Medicaids tragically bad outcomes, including increased risk of adjusted mortality.
CONTENT: The health care law is the largest tax [increase] in the history of our country
CONTENT: Says President Barack Obama is absolutely a Muslim.
CONTENT: Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walkers estimate of a $3.6 billion state budget deficit is manufactured and a bogus figure.
Node: (25, 3)--------------------
CONTENT: Redistribution has never been a characteristic of America.
CONTENT: Says government is a barrier to innovation and development.
CONTENT: And the #jerseycomeback keeps rolling! Thanks to @GovChristie NJ now has lowest corruption risk of any state.
CONTENT: The 9-9-9 plan does not raise taxes on those that are making the least.
CONTENT: For a young man or woman who is entering the ninth grade in Newark this year, they have a 29 percent graduation rate.
CONTENT: My "border security efforts have led to a 60 percent decrease in border crime."
CONTENT: Says as we sit right now, Medicare, if we do nothing, will be gone in eight years, if we do nothing to it.
CONTENT: Says the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act adopted last year contains a series of slush funds, set up to stay on the books automatically, with little or no oversight.
CONTENT: Women make only 78 percent of what men make for the same job.
CONTENT: The United States has the most number of deductions available to corporations for the corporate income tax.
CONTENT: Hillary Clinton is for open borders.
CONTENT: Mitt Romney ... gave you government health care that is now bankrupting the state of Massachusetts.
CONTENT: 92 percent of President Barack Obamas administration has never worked outside government.
CONTENT: One of the other inaccuracies ...is that we have raised taxes multiple times and run up the budget. Absolutely not true. One tax increase since Ive been in office. It was a quarter mill tax in the unincorporated area only.
CONTENT: Says Gov. Scott Walkers repeal of a 2009 law has left Wisconsin as one of five states without an equal pay law protecting women from gender discrimination in their paycheck.
CONTENT: Says Travis County, home to Austin, is the most liberal county in the United States.
CONTENT: Theres no money in Social Security.
CONTENT: Says Democratic U.S. Senate candidate Russ Feingold voted over 250 times to raise taxes.
CONTENT: A lot of student loans are already refinanced by the federal government.
Node: (25, 4)--------------------
CONTENT: Says the paperback edition of Mitt Romneys book deleted line that Massachusetts individual mandate should be the model for the country
CONTENT: 1/3 of our kids drop out (of high school), cannot go to college or start a career.
CONTENT: Says in the last 20 years, the French have not stood by the United States on foreign policy.
CONTENT: A Medicaid provision added to the Senate health carereform bill "is not a special deal for Nebraska."
CONTENT: Welders make more money than philosophers.
CONTENT: Toothpaste contains the poison substance of fluoride.
CONTENT: Tells David Cicilline, 94 percent of the carbon emissions which you so want to get rid of are caused by nature.
CONTENT: Says Chris Abele has had five years and hes done nothing about the Estabrook Dam.
CONTENT: ISIS lures women with kittens, nutella.
CONTENT: Social Security doesnt contribute a penny to the deficit.
CONTENT: Says he has never voted for raising taxes.
CONTENT: Democrats do not have a plan for extending the Bush tax cuts.
CONTENT: I was among the earliest to criticize the rush to war (in Iraq), and yes, even before the war ever started.
CONTENT: Obama "has no experience or background at all in national security affairs."
CONTENT: Says Obama has failed to pass a budget.
CONTENT: For my energy plan, my economic plan, and the other proposals you'll hear tonight, I've offered spending cuts above and beyond their cost.
CONTENT: Say Apples Tim Cook will not do business with Indiana.
CONTENT: Says aWHO proposal portrays milk and dairy products as an obstacle to a healthy start in life.
CONTENT: Florida remains the top travel destination across the world.
CONTENT: I spend a lot of time in Iowa, and believe it or not, in Ottumwa, Iowa, this is the heartland, the newspaper, the regular newspaper for Ottumwa, Iowa, is (a) bilingual newspaper.
CONTENT: Having a baby is aleading cause of poverty spells in the United States.
Node: (25, 5)--------------------
CONTENT: Milwaukees problems include 52 percent black male unemployment.
CONTENT: A 2005 gay pride vote had nothing to do with discrimination.
CONTENT: Says the federal government restricts how much salt we can put on our food.
CONTENT: Says the states budget shortfall is not that much different than it was in 2003.
CONTENT: A report in Navy Times said that 7.3 percent of Army, Navy and Marines have thought about attempting suicide.
CONTENT: Honduras bans citizens from owning guns and has the highest homicide rate in the entire world. Switzerland, with a similar population, requires citizens to own guns and has the lowest homicide rate in the entire world.
CONTENT: Health insurance companies deny 1 out of 5 treatments prescribed by doctors.
CONTENT: Says Michelle Nunn is for amnesty.
CONTENT: On job creation numbers in the latest Start-Up NY report: This is a significant number of overcounts in the compilation that Ive looked at.
CONTENT: Says that as Wisconsin governor he never raised taxes.
CONTENT: The United States has a record number of abortions year after year after year.
CONTENT: I have tremendous support from women.
CONTENT: A law that mandates fingerprinting for gun purchasers is a requirement thats reduced gun crimes in the five states where its the law.
CONTENT: Says Donald Trump is against minimum wage.
CONTENT: There is majority support for the Democrats' health care plans.
CONTENT: On raising taxes.
Node: (25, 6)--------------------
CONTENT: Handel endorsed gay adoption in 2003 when she was running for chairwoman of the Fulton County Commission.
CONTENT: On banning assault weapons.
CONTENT: Rhode Island gives undocumented pregnant women health insurance, plus a cash card with $400 a month on it and $250 a month or $275 a month to spend on food.
CONTENT: Says Scott Walker rejected legislation to make college loan payments tax deductible and the result was to raise taxes on students.
CONTENT: Says McCain "voted to let governments charge rape victims" for forensic exams.
CONTENT: Says state Sen. Morgan Carrolls votes made it easier to sue doctors, small businesses, even nurses. Putting her own shady interests first.
CONTENT: On signing a no-tax pledge
CONTENT: Since Rep. John Boccieris election, Ohio has lost 600,000 jobs and his districts unemployment has doubled.
CONTENT: Cancer and matters to do with kidney failure kill more people in Kenya today than malaria, tuberculosis and AIDS combined.
CONTENT: An Obamacare slush fund paid to spay and neuter dogs and cats, then counted it as an anti-obesity campaign.
CONTENT: Republicans made it easier to buy a gun in states they won in 2010.
Node: (25, 7)--------------------
CONTENT: Says cuts to Medicare affect people who have already paid in. We paid for it.
CONTENT: Jim Renacci voted repeatedly to end Medicare.
CONTENT: The $5 billion website for Obamacare never worked. Still doesnt work.
CONTENT: Tens of thousands of fraudulent Clinton votes found in Ohio warehouse.
CONTENT: Overwhelming Democrat and Republican votes in 2011 for legislation in two special sessions on jobs demonstrated the bipartisan nature of the Wisconsin Legislature.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clinton spent 30 days in the hospital in 2012 and appeared wearing glasses that are only for people who have traumatic brain injury.
CONTENT: Says stimulus money went to buy electric cars from Finland as a payback to Obama supporters.
CONTENT: Says Alex Sink supported higher sales taxes.
CONTENT: Says Alex Sink supported a $5.2 billion increase in Floridas debt.
CONTENT: Said his mother had to fight with health insurance companies for treatment because of a pre-existing condition.
CONTENT: We have invested record funding in protecting our environment.
CONTENT: Says Alex Sink supported higher property taxes.
CONTENT: Broward County was one of three counties in the nation pivotal to an Obama victory in 2012.
CONTENT: Says that 93 percent of the time John Boccieri voted with Nancy Pelosi.
CONTENT: Wisconsin sold fresh water to California, helping that states dairy industry, and lost a bunch of jobs (and) a bunch of farmland.
Node: (25, 8)--------------------
CONTENT: Says the Obama administration spent taxpayer dollars on electric cars in Finland (and) windmills in China.
CONTENT: Congress decision to spend less around the world on embassy security contributed to tragedies like Benghazi.
CONTENT: Says she is saving ratepayers $6 million/year.
CONTENT: Romney signed government-mandated health care with taxpayer-funded abortions.
CONTENT: U.S. Senate candidate Jack Kingston spent our tax dollars on thousands of wasteful earmarks.
Node: (25, 9)--------------------
CONTENT: Hurricane Sandy, the most destructive Atlantic storm ever.
CONTENT: Says John Barrow voted with Obama 85 percent of the time.
CONTENT: On expanding Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act.
CONTENT: Says President Barack Obama delivered $2 billion to Brazil to help with offshore drilling projects.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clinton gave up 20 percent of Americas uranium supply to Russia.
CONTENT: Says Charlie Crist voted against minimum wage when he was in the Senate.
CONTENT: Says Democratic recall opponent Shelly Moore opposes any limit on taxes.
CONTENT: Says Gov. Rick Scott allowed Republican legislators to cut his teacher pay raise proposal by 60 percent.
CONTENT: Says new figures he released showing Wisconsin job gains for 2011 are the final job numbers.
CONTENT: Says Pete Gallego went and lobbied after you fired him from Congress.
CONTENT: Lincoln Chafee voted with President George W. Bush and the conservative leadership 76% of the time.
CONTENT: Says union bosses bused protesters to aCentral Florida education protest.
Node: (25, 10)--------------------
CONTENT: Says opponent Mary Burke told reporters she would have required workers to give up bargained-for healthcare and retirement benefits like Gov. Walker.
CONTENT: Says Colorado Democraticcongressional candidate MorganCarroll racked up $11 billion in new spending in the state Legislature.
CONTENT: Says U.S. Rep. Lamar Smith supported the $700 billion Wall Street bailout in 2008, "but now he is standing in the way of reforms that would assure these bailouts would never happen again.
CONTENT: On reauthorization of Export-Import Bank.
CONTENT: Says House Republicans spent $50 million on 33 votes to repeal Obamacare.
CONTENT: Says Democratic challenger Russ Feingold was the deciding vote on Obamacare.
CONTENT: Says U.S. Rep. Steve Southerland voted himself health care for life.
CONTENT: Says Rep. Paul Ryans budget proposal would effectively double the interest paid out on existing and future student loans.
CONTENT: Says Debo Adegbile was nominated to serve as a judge on the U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals and was abruptly withdrawn by the administration.
CONTENT: Says Charlie Crist signed the nations harshest marijuana laws.
CONTENT: Says President AbrahamLincoln tried to arm the slaves.
CONTENT: Says House Republicans tried to change the definition of rape.
CONTENT: Says the Tennessee Wildlife Resources Agency brought coyotes into the state to try to keep the deer population down.
Node: (25, 11)--------------------
CONTENT: It was under Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton that changed the rules of engagement that probably cost (Capt. Humayun Khans) life.
CONTENT: Dem-controlled Ohio House voted to change the process, to create objective criteria, to modify the Constitution ... to take politics out of the efforts to draw legislative boundaries.
CONTENT: Sen. Sherrod Browns vote helped pass Barack Obamas job-killing health care law, which slapped small businesses throughout Ohio with a $500 billion tax increase.
CONTENT: Sen. Hutchison abandoned Republicans and stood with Democrats to ensure health care legislation would pass quickly.
CONTENT: Governor-elect Scott Walkers opposition to high-speed rail killed 13,000 Wisconsin jobs
CONTENT: 200 consumer laws were destroyed in 2011 when Gov. Scott Walker signed Act 92.
CONTENT: Says EPA regulation of greenhouse gases will endanger 575 Texas dairy facilities, 58 swine operations, 1,300 corn farms and 28,000 beef cattle operations.
CONTENT: Sen. Jack Reed cast the deciding vote in the Senate for the Affordable Care Act.
CONTENT: 20,000 Kansans lost their health insurance because of (Obamacare).
CONTENT: Steve Poizner "increased his department's budget nearly 14 percent."
CONTENT: George Allencast the deciding votefor the 2003Bushtax cuts.
CONTENT: Says his political opponents brought 100,000 protesters into our state.
CONTENT: NAFTA, supported by the Secretary (Clinton), cost us 800,000 jobs nationwide.
CONTENT: Protesters in La Crosse blocked an exit and surrounded a State Patrol car carrying the governor and were beating on the windows and rocking the vehicle. When the car was extricated from the crowd, a truck blocked a second exit.
CONTENT: As chair of the Senate Education Committee, I led the charge to restore most of the education cuts from last session.
CONTENT: Credit agency says Rep. Gibbs recklessly caused downgrade, higher interest rates.
CONTENT: Today gasoline hit $6 a gallon in Florida.
CONTENT: Obamacare could cause 20 million people to lose their current coverage.
CONTENT: When they passed Obamacare, they put a bailout fund in Obamacare. We led the effort and wiped out that bailout fund.
CONTENT: Says it cost Massachusetts taxpayers $100,000 when Mitt Romney and his staff purchased computer hard drives.
CONTENT: I remember landing under sniper fire.
CONTENT: Betty Sutton gutted Medicare by $500 billion with her vote for the presidents health care bill.
Node: (25, 12)--------------------
CONTENT: The rifle used by Omar Mateen shoots off 700 rounds in a minute.
CONTENT: 52 jobs have been saved or created in Florida's 34th Congressional District.
CONTENT: Says Betty Sutton and House Democrats gutted Medicare by $741 billion to pay for Obamacare.
CONTENT: Brazil got off oil in the last 30 years.
CONTENT: Far more children died last year drowning in their bathtubs than were killed accidentally by guns.
CONTENT: Everyone on Californias roads is properly licensed, tested and insured.
CONTENT: Repeal of Obamacare would take away health care for 10.3 million Americans who have received coverage since Oct. 1, 2013.
CONTENT: Protesters caused $7.5 million in damage to the Wisconsin State House
CONTENT: We defied the stand-down orders during the Benghazi attack.
CONTENT: Says Governor-elect Scott Walkers choice as transition team leader killed the release of a damaging report on Walkers record in the days leading up to the election.
CONTENT: Red light camera installed to promote public safety.
CONTENT: Hydrogen sulfide . . . [was] used in the genocide of Jews in Germany.
CONTENT: Says carpet bombing means bombing not a city, but the location of the troops, with embedded special forces to direct the air power.
CONTENT: Obama admin gutted @ProjChildSafe budget to provide trigger locks and safety kits.
CONTENT: Students In Fla. High School Forced To Recite Islamic Prayer, Make Prayer Rugs.
CONTENT: 3,000 teachers lost their jobs when (Crist) was governor.
CONTENT: Says Bill White didnt pay taxes while earning $133,600 annual salary as deputy secretary of energy.
CONTENT: The Recovery Act saved 60,000 jobs among law enforcement officials, firefighters in the state of Florida, plus another 20,000 educators.
Node: (25, 13)--------------------
CONTENT: ISIS supporter tweeted at 10:34 a.m. Shooting began at 10:45 a.m. in Chattanooga, Tenn.
CONTENT: Aphotograph of 21-year-old Hillary Clinton featured a Confederate battle flag in the background.
CONTENT: Says Wisconsin state Senate President Michael Elllis (R-Neenah) broke Senate rules during debate on a photo ID bill for voters.
CONTENT: Says she never received nor sent any material that was marked classified on her private email server whilesecretary of state.
CONTENT: 700 jobs (were) lost because Allen Boyd voted for the health care bill.
CONTENT: 8 Syrians caught at Texas border in Laredo.
CONTENT: Austin was the site of the first mass shooting in the country.
CONTENT: Says Gov. Chris Christies decision to close the Elizabeth MVC saved no money.
CONTENT: Says campaign contributions to her rival for a state House seat was money intended for schoolchildren.
CONTENT: Says she voted against the Medicare Part D prescription drug program because it was unfunded.
CONTENT: The 2011 Rebuild America Jobs Act would have cost the average American family $1,000 a year while making no significant impact to fix our infrastructure and roads.
CONTENT: In Afghanistan, it is very, very rare that someone who is killed in action is not killed by an improvised explosive device, or IED.
Node: (25, 14)--------------------
CONTENT: More lives are lost from violence against women, sex-selective abortion, female infanticide, suicide, egregious maternal mortality, and other sex-linked causes than were lost during all of the wars and civil strife of the 20th century.
CONTENT: Says he was endorsed by theValley News newspaper.
CONTENT: About 30 percent of those released from Guantanamo have re-entered the fight.
CONTENT: There were fewer civilian casualties in Cambodia than there have been from American drone attacks.
CONTENT: An average of nine children a day in the U.S. die of gunshot wounds.
Node: (25, 16)--------------------
CONTENT: The top 1 percent pay 45 percent of all taxes in the country.
Node: (25, 17)--------------------
CONTENT: The number of uninsured people in Massachusetts is about the same as it was when the mandates were passed in 2006.
CONTENT: Foreign companies in the United States have a significantly higher unionization rate than other companies overall.
CONTENT: About 2 percent of Americans get paid the minimum wage.
CONTENT: The state covered a smaller percentage of the cost of K-12 education in 2013 than it did in 2002.
CONTENT: Says Virginia, Florida and Georgia are the three states that are the principal source for gun trafficking.
CONTENT: Says the top 20 percent of income earners pay nearly 70 percent of all federal taxes.
CONTENT: The average person only pays about $1,800 in state taxes which is the lowest of all 50 states.
CONTENT: The major immigration issue was about Poles, and Bulgarians, and Romanians, and that they werent contributing economically. The unemployment rate among Poles in Britain is lower than the unemployment rate among Brits.
CONTENT: Says $1,100 of the tuition paid by every Oregon university student annually goes just to pay the costs of PERS.
CONTENT: Over the last 30 years, extreme poverty has been cut in half.
CONTENT: Says Ohio is one of just 17 states with an estate tax, and it has the lowest threshold in the nation.
CONTENT: Swaziland has the highest rate of HIV infection in the world.
Node: (25, 18)--------------------
CONTENT: In South Carolina, women earn 76 cents on the dollar to mens earnings.
CONTENT: Says middle-class New York State residents will have the lowest tax rate in 70 years.
CONTENT: If every small business in our state, on average, was able to create one new job we would cut our unemployment rate in half.
CONTENT: Says New Hampshire had the fourth-lowest unemployment rate in the country during Maggie Hassans time in the state Senate.
CONTENT: The states unemployment rate is fifth-highest in the country, a full point above the nationwide rate and higher than all of our...neighboring states.
CONTENT: New Castle Countys unemployment rate has not almost doubled in the last two years.
CONTENT: For African-Americans between the ages of 17 and 20, the real unemployment rate is 51 percent.
Node: (25, 19)--------------------
CONTENT: The Portland-Milwaukie Light Rail Transit Project has created 1,525 direct jobs as of June 11, 2012.
CONTENT: Says last year the graduation rate for our combined six-district footprint jumped 5.5 percent.
CONTENT: Florida is one of the few states that has actually had a narrowing of the achievement gap based on income, or based on race or ethnicity.
CONTENT: Medicare spends "$15-billion a year on subsidies to insurance companies."
CONTENT: Rhode Island continues to have the highest rates of substance abuse in the country.
CONTENT: On Milwaukee County governments debt burden
CONTENT: A recent study revealed that, across the nation, taxes would have to be increased by an average of $1,300 a year just to support the currently unsustainable public employee pension systems. In Florida, that dollar figure translates to $813 a year.
Node: (25, 20)--------------------
CONTENT: As CFO, Alex Sink oversaw a $27 billion loss in the states pension fund.
CONTENT: Ohios judges, compared to other similar states, are being woefully underpaid.
CONTENT: #Business formation is still on the rise in Ohio! So far in 2011 weve assisted w/ 44,443 new business filings.
Node: (25, 21)--------------------
CONTENT: Barack Obama is in an economy thats only worsened since hes been president of the United States.
CONTENT: Says Washington state has consistently ranked in the top five in the Forbes list of best states to do business ahead of Texas.
CONTENT: Weve lifted high school graduation rates to new highs.
CONTENT: The states tax burden has, according to census figures released today, cost our state another 190,000 residents in 2009.
CONTENT: In the first round of repayments from financial institutions that received TARP money, the government has actually turned a profit.
CONTENT: The average American family saw income rise $7,500 under Bill Clinton and decline $2,000 under George Bush.
CONTENT: The impact of the 2010 federal health care legislation will be huge on Georgia.
CONTENT: Under Mary Burkes leadership, Commerce Department business-incentive programs had major shortcomings and 40 percent of jobs...didnt materialize.
Node: (25, 22)--------------------
CONTENT: The economy is creating jobs at the fastest pace since 1999.
CONTENT: John Kitzhaber created 128,000 new jobs while governor.
CONTENT: Says that when President Bill Clinton raised the top tax rates to levels now proposed by Obama, the country experienced significant job growth.
CONTENT: Obama "changed the rules in Washington. Gone are the free gifts from lobbyists. Gone are the fancy airplane rides for nothing."
CONTENT: In the past year, DeKalb has attracted and retained more than 2,300 jobs.
CONTENT: Has created 60,000 net new jobs since taking office.
CONTENT: DeKalb County has been recognized in recent years as having one the best sheriffs departments in the nation.
CONTENT: Cuts in local government and school funding in John Kasichs budget caused many communities to seek school levies, local tax increases, layoffs.
CONTENT: Corporate tax holidays pushed by Presidents John F. Kennedy and George W. Bush brought billions of dollars back into the United States.
CONTENT: Says when he was governor,we expanded participation in Virginia in early childhood programs by nearly 40 percent.
CONTENT: Kasichs budget raised taxes by billions, hitting businesses hard and the middle class even harder.
Node: (25, 23)--------------------
CONTENT: Almost 100,000 people left Puerto Rico last year.
CONTENT: California has seen a 56 percent decline in the gun murder rate since the 1990s.
CONTENT: Since 1978, California has spent $5 billion to put 13 people to death.
CONTENT: The right-to-work states are creating a lot more jobs today than the heavily unionized states.
CONTENT: It is estimated that Arizona has lost more than $100 million in hospitality industry revenues since passage of the Arizona immigration laws.
CONTENT: More Hispanics have fallen into poverty under Obama.
CONTENT: Ohio is losing over 700 family farms a year, some of them just to pay the inheritance tax.
CONTENT: New York is the safest big city in the nation, and our crime reductions have been steeper than any other big citys.
Node: (25, 24)--------------------
CONTENT: Says legislative cuts mean Texas is spending on average $500 less per student.
CONTENT: Says an array of statistics show that conditions in some parts of Baltimore rival that of the West Bank in Palestine, North Korea, and distressed cities in Nigeria, India, China and South Africa.
CONTENT: In Massachusetts, half of the primary care doctors are not accepting new patients.
CONTENT: Nobody knows about it, nobody talks about it, but under Obama, millions of people have been moved out of this country, theyve been deported.
CONTENT: Says some [states] with the largest reductions in crime have also lowered their prison population.
CONTENT: In America, we pay, by far, the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs.
CONTENT: The United States is "seeing greater income inequality now than any time since the 1920s."
CONTENT: Says car insurance rates have decreased since about a decade ago because of market-based solutions that attracted more auto insurers to New Jersey.
CONTENT: Today, it is more difficult to enlist in the U.S. military than it is to enroll in college.
Node: (25, 25)--------------------
CONTENT: Unemployment has fallen from 10 percent during the presidents first year in office to 8.5 percent today.
CONTENT: Our crime rate continues to plummet.
CONTENT: The U.S. loses more on tax breaks than it collects in personal income taxes.
CONTENT: Veterans unemployment is actually now lower than (the) general population. It was higher when I came into office.
CONTENT: Since 2007, Texas has gained 440,000 people while Maryland has lost 20,000.
CONTENT: States have cumulatively cut over $1.8 billion from their mental health services between 2009 and 2011. This is the largest reduction in state mental health services in half a century.
CONTENT: Since I was elected, crime rates have been at their lowest in over a decade.
CONTENT: Crime in Atlanta is down 18 percent since 2009.
CONTENT: Says crime is rising in Manchester and has gone up 19 percent under Mayor Ted Gatsas.
CONTENT: Says since Australia passed tough gun laws, homicides by firearm have declined almost 60 percent.
Node: (25, 26)--------------------
CONTENT: Because of the 2011 debt ceiling fight, the stock market lost 2,000 points.
CONTENT: The number of people in Atlanta dying from HIV and AIDS declined 59 percent between 2004 and 2012.
CONTENT: Illegal immigration and the crime rate are as low as theyve been in decades.
CONTENT: Under the Obama economy ... utility bills are higher.
CONTENT: One industry in America has increased its employment base in the last four years by 176,000 people: the United States government.
CONTENT: Over the past 10 years, the number of people living in Lower Manhattan has nearly doubled. In fact, Lower Manhattan has added more people over the last 10 years than Atlanta, Dallas and Philadelphia combined.
CONTENT: Latin Americas economy is almost as big as the economy of China.
CONTENT: Americans now support strikes (against ISIS) but the support for ground troops is not there. The support is very thin.
CONTENT: In other jurisdictions where (a domestic partnership registry) has been enacted, we have seen that fewer people enter into marriage.
CONTENT: Colorado saw increased incidents of emergency room visits by young people and increased incidents of driving while under the influence of marijuana following the legalization of recreational pot.
CONTENT: The state of Florida has seen double-digit drops in alcohol use among teens.
CONTENT: America has lost nearlyone third of its manufacturing jobs since 1997, following the enactment of disastrous trade deals supported by Bill and Hillary Clinton.
CONTENT: We have lower family incomes in Illinois today than we had 17 years ago in Illinois ...because of the control of (House) Speaker (Michael) Madigan and his Democrats.
CONTENT: The median net worth of American households hasnt changed much over the past decades, its about $20,000 ... but Congress average median net worth has ballooned, more than doubled.
CONTENT: Today, the United States has, sadly, one of the lowest voter turnouts of any major country on earth.
CONTENT: Under former President George W. Bushs administration while the population in that period grew by 10 percent, the number of jobs in the nation grew by 1 percent.
CONTENT: We lost more jobs in this great recession than the last four recessions combined.
CONTENT: In other states (where illegal immigrants have been allowed to get drivers licenses) their insurance premiums for everybody have gone down.
CONTENT: Weve seen more manufacturing jobs created since Ive been president than anytime since the 1990s. Thats a fact.
Node: (25, 27)--------------------
CONTENT: During the recession, the consumer in his native perversity has begun to save. The savings rate is now 6.2 percent.
CONTENT: The state of Georgia lost 16 percent of its employees last year, and that percentage has risen over the past three years.
CONTENT: Texas added more jobs in 2010 than any other state.
CONTENT: Texas has outstripped the national poverty rate since at least 1959.
CONTENT: The United States is no longer top nation in the globe on infrastructure, having fallen to 15th.
CONTENT: We in this state saw more job creation in the last three years since Ive been governor than you saw in the whole eight years of Doyles time as governor.
CONTENT: A hundred percent of all the jobs lost during the recession have been reclaimed in Texas while the nation is at about 36 percent.
CONTENT: Says 2012 was the first year in American history that more minorities are being born than people in the majority.
CONTENT: More private-sector jobs were created in the second year of the Obama administration than in the eight years of the Bush administration.
CONTENT: When Republicans last controlled the presidency and Congress, the number of people on food stamps (and) the number of people in low-income housing went through the roof.
CONTENT: Over the last few decades, the income of the top 1 percent grew by more than 275 percent -- to an average of $1.3 million a year.
CONTENT: Under his tax plan, the greatest gains, percentage-wise, will be at the lower end of our plan.
CONTENT: Says Mitt Romneys top five donors are Wall Street firms, while Barack Obamas top five are technology companies and universities.
CONTENT: Since the Affordable Care Act passed, 90 percent of job growth has been in full-time positions.
Node: (25, 28)--------------------
CONTENT: The Kenosha casino would be one of the states largest employers and pay more to the state than any other company or Tribe essentially, it would be Wisconsins biggest taxpayer.
CONTENT: Our government right now. . . (is) spending 40 percent more than what we take in.
CONTENT: The University of Florida announced this past week that it was dropping its computer science department ... Meanwhile, the athletic budget for the current year is $97.7 million, an increase of more than $2 million from last year.
CONTENT: Since President Obama took office, 2 million jobs. Gone.
CONTENT: Amendment 2 will put almost 2,000 pot shops in Florida ... more pot shops than Walmart and Walgreens combined.
CONTENT: Says his administration put more border patrol agents on the U.S.-Mexico border than at any time in history, and the flow of undocumented workers across the border is actually lower than its been in 40 years.
CONTENT: Here in Wisconsin, weve put in previous budgets more money into mental health services than any governor has in the last 25 years.
CONTENT: For the first time in 35 years, we have more businesses dying than we do starting.
CONTENT: President Obama's proposed 'spending freeze' will only reduce the $42 trillion in government spending proposed between 2011 and 2020 by little more than one-half of 1 percent.
CONTENT: For the first time since the Korean War, total federal spending has gone down for two years in a row.
Node: (25, 29)--------------------
CONTENT: The amount of debt is on pace to double in five years and triple in 10. The federal debt is now over $100,000 per household.
CONTENT: Over the last few years, weve put more people back to work than all the other advanced economies combined.
CONTENT: The national debt increased $16,000 every secondGeorge Allen served in theU.S. Senate.
CONTENT: The national debt is on track to double during Obamas presidency.
CONTENT: Our national debt ... is on track to exceed the size of our entire economy ... in just two more years.
CONTENT: Says federal debt doubled during the Bush administration.
CONTENT: We now sell more products made in America to the rest of the world than ever before.
CONTENT: The deficit this year could pay all of the 2013 salaries of every professional baseball player for the next 248 years.
CONTENT: The debt will soon eclipse our entire economy.
CONTENT: Rick Scott has paid down our debt by about $2 billion. Charlie Crists debt went up about $5 billion.
CONTENT: The interest on the debt now is going to approach in the next couple of years ... what we spend in the national defense budget.
CONTENT: By the end of his first term, President Obama will have added as much debt as all the prior 43 presidents combined.
CONTENT: Obamacare will mean 2.1 million fewer jobs by 2021.
CONTENT: This year, the federal government will have more revenue than any year in the history of our country.
CONTENT: The national debt "has gone up by $1,729,000,000 during the Isner v. Mahut match."
CONTENT: Our debt is already bigger than our economy.
CONTENT: The national debt grew an estimated$15 billion last weekend.
CONTENT: Recently we have seen our government debt grow by $3.4 trillion during the first 29 months of the Obama administration -- the equivalent of about $4 billion per day.
Node: (26, 0)--------------------
CONTENT: #GradInsurance debacle is a DIRECT result of #ObamaCare. #MIZZOU has to break the law to do the right thing.
CONTENT: Keystone means unlocking the Canadian tar sands.
CONTENT: Says only 25 percent of Texas high school students graduate prepared for college or careers.
CONTENT: Says murder is the chief cause of death for pregnant women.
CONTENT: ISIS didnt exist when my brother was president. Al-Qaida in Iraq was wiped out when my brother was president.
CONTENT: Congress Approves Bill Offering Free Cars To Welfare Recipients.
CONTENT: As Florida secretary of state, Kurt Browning allowed 1,800 illegal voters to register in Florida.
CONTENT: Preventive care "saves money."
CONTENT: A legacy of taxing and borrowing crippled the economy we inherited two years ago.
CONTENT: Illegal immigration costs state taxpayers over $3 billion every year.
CONTENT: Statistically, law-enforcement officers die 10 years earlier than the general population.
CONTENT: Bill OBriens Tea Party legislature tried to repeal kindergarten and compulsory education, defund Planned Parenthood and eliminate insurance coverage for birth control.
CONTENT: Obama Announces Plans For A Third Term Presidential Run
CONTENT: Unions did not create the eight-hour work day and the 40-hour work week. Henry Ford did.
CONTENT: As a legislator, (Marco Rubio) flipped on a key vote after making a quick $200,000 from selling the house to the mother of the bills lobbyist.
CONTENT: The fiscal cliff agreement was the largest tax increase in history.
CONTENT: Says Democratic Party created the Ku Klux Klan.
CONTENT: Kasichs trade deals cost Ohio thousands of jobs - 49,000 jobs to Mexico, 91,000 to China.
CONTENT: Says Russ Feingold cast the deciding vote for the largest tax increase in history
CONTENT: Says Gov. Rick Scott lost Florida 331,247 jobs.
CONTENT: Says Donald Trumps Make America Great Again caps are made in China.
CONTENT: Homosexual behavior cuts your lifeby about 20 years.
CONTENT: Ted Strickland destroyed Ohio jobs when he busted the budget.
CONTENT: Undocumented students who qualify for in-state Oregon tuition are actively working toward U.S. citizenship.
CONTENT: Illegal immigrants mow the grass around the (Texas) Capitol.
CONTENT: A DWI costs $17,000.
CONTENT: The Pentagon made up the since-debunked heroics of POW Jessica Lynch as she tried to avoid capture in Iraq.
CONTENT: America has already taken in one-fourth of Mexicos entire population.
CONTENT: TheAffordable Care Actalters the sensible doctor-patient-relationship-centered health care program ... we see today.
Node: (26, 1)--------------------
CONTENT: Phoenix, Arizona, is the No. 2 kidnapping capital of the world.
CONTENT: Say Oregon Reps. Peter DeFazio and Earl Blumenauer are socialists who are openly serving in the U.S. Congress.
CONTENT: Say New Jersey Reps. Donald Payne and Frank Pallone are socialists who are openly serving in the U.S. Congress.
CONTENT: Says the Affordable Care Act was a federal takeover of the student loan industry and profits on the loans go to help pay for the health care law.
CONTENT: Says U.S. Rep. John Barrow, D-Ga., celebrates gun ownership even in the face of school shootings.
CONTENT: SaysPresident Obama and his allies in Congress gave power to control Medicare patients health care decisions to a commission of 15 unelected bureaucrats in Washington.
CONTENT: Says Abortion clinics in Oregon, as in most states, have no state oversight and are not held to basic health or safety standards.
CONTENT: Doctors kill about 250,000 people a year in botched surgeries.
CONTENT: Phoenix is the kidnapping capital of the Western Hemisphere.
CONTENT: Says Gov. Scott Walker has led people to believe that if Wisconsin doesnt implement a (health-care) exchange, Obamacare doesnt happen here.
CONTENT: Tea Party Congressman Frank Guinta voted for billions in cuts to veterans programs.
CONTENT: President Obamashealth care law is a government takeover of healthcare.
CONTENT: The growth in health care costs has been reined in through the Affordable Care Act.
CONTENT: The conviction rate is almost exactly the same for whites and blacks who commit murder.
CONTENT: Seventy percent of the people living in abject poverty are women.
CONTENT: U.S. Rep. John Barrows plan puts the IRS in charge of your health care.
CONTENT: Illegal counterfeiting and piracy costs the U.S. economy $100 billion... every year.
CONTENT: 78702 is the second-most gentrified ZIP code in the entire country.
CONTENT: Barack Hussein Obama will .. force Christian organizations to pay for abortions.
CONTENT: Keystone XL allows Canada to pump their oil, send it through our land, down to the Gulf, where it will be sold everywhere else.
Node: (26, 2)--------------------
CONTENT: Rob Cornilles supports privatizing Medicare.
CONTENT: Says Marco Rubio is the one for an open border.
CONTENT: Social Security is indeed a Ponzi scheme.
CONTENT: Says Arizona congressional candidate Ray Strauss is a Champion of Big Government for his votes to raise taxes while on the local city council.
CONTENT: Says Ron Johnson has essentially done nothing to fight heroin addiction and opioid abuse.
CONTENT: Florida is the first state requiring drug testing to receive welfare!
CONTENT: Obamacare is . . . the largest tax increase in the history of the world.
CONTENT: Loranne Ausleys a financial train wreck for taxpayers -- pushing gas taxes, property taxes, taxes on seniors.
CONTENT: Says Barack Obamas health care law will be the biggest job-killer ever.
CONTENT: Obamacarerepresents the largest tax increase in the history of the world.
CONTENT: Says Florida U.S. Reps. Corrine Brown, Alcee Hastings and Frederica Wilson are Socialists.
CONTENT: Says the mandate is 71 times that a childs body will be injected with a disease for immunizations.
CONTENT: Social Security is a Ponzi scheme.
CONTENT: New York State has been horribly, horribly hurt by NAFTA
CONTENT: Says Obamacare is the largest middle-class tax increase in history.
CONTENT: Says Freddie Mac, electric co-ops and credit unions are all government sponsored enterprises.
CONTENT: Says he could be the first president in modern history to be outspent.
CONTENT: The InterLink at T.F. Green Airport is the closest air-rail link in the country.
CONTENT: Abortion services are well over 90 percent of what Planned Parenthood does.
CONTENT: Says Barack Obama is a socialist.
CONTENT: Every major city which has a center of poverty is run by Democrats. Every major city.
CONTENT: Small businesses (are) going out of business in record numbers.
Node: (26, 3)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Alex Sink failed Florida homeowners by using predatory lending practices.
CONTENT: Says Scott Walkers bad budget includes: No weekend for workers.
CONTENT: Obama "remains silent" and "is never asked how he feels about his church honoring Farrakhan."
CONTENT: Says someone earning $50,000 a year will fare better under his 9-9-9 plan than under the current tax system.
CONTENT: Says Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker eliminated cancer screenings for uninsured women and offered no alternatives.
CONTENT: Hitler abolished unions and thats what Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker is doing today.
CONTENT: The U.S. has over $62 trillion in unfunded liabilities.
CONTENT: Richmond teachers have not gotten a raise for almost 10 years.
CONTENT: The United States has never stood by and seen innocent people slaughtered to the extent thats happening in Syria.
CONTENT: Says Gerald Daugherty is endorsed by the Austin American-Statesman.
CONTENT: Says Detroit dumping a bunch of sewage in Lake Erie causes big problems for Ohio.
CONTENT: Says he won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally.
CONTENT: The payday loan industry does not exist in a state like Minnesota.
CONTENT: The only time government employment has gone down during a recession has been under me.
CONTENT: An independent payment advisory board created by the health care reform law can ration care and deny certain Medicare treatments.
CONTENT: The incandescent light bulb has no effect whatever on the planet.
CONTENT: Says Austin is the largest city in the U.S. without nonstop flights to Europe.
CONTENT: Says Sen. Sherrod Brown cast the deciding vote on the government takeover of health care.
CONTENT: Poll after poll after poll shows me beating Hillary.
CONTENT: Says President Barack Obamas parents were communists.
CONTENT: Dubious taxpayer-funded stimulus spending -- Part II.
Node: (26, 4)--------------------
CONTENT: Says in 1944 we were in debt more than twice as much as we are now.
CONTENT: On an earmark moratorium.
CONTENT: Passage of a referendum on an aquarium for Clearwater means NO future funding for our neighborhoods.
CONTENT: A single parent with a couple kids can easily get $35,000 a year in public assistance in Wisconsin.
CONTENT: Says nothing in Obamas $3.7 billion request to address the child immigrant situation actually secures the border.
CONTENT: Says there are no political prisoners in Cuba.
CONTENT: Virginias current unemployment rate is the lowest in Virginia history.
CONTENT: Suicide comes from federal government largesse saying you are not worth anything but you are going to get something for nothing.
CONTENT: There was serious voter fraud in New Hampshire.
CONTENT: Its a plan that incorporates ideas from many of the people in this room tonight Democrats and Republicans.
CONTENT: The Super Bowl has one of the highest levels of human sex trafficking activity of any event in the country.
CONTENT: Says Texas economy is about 30 percent larger than Australias.
CONTENT: Did not vote for tax increases as a member of the West Miami City Commission.
CONTENT: Among Syrian refugees and migrants coming into Europe, there look like very few women. Very few children.
CONTENT: Statistics show 2 to 3 Texas women per week have major complications and 10 women per week seek help at an ER after an abortion.
CONTENT: There was serious voter fraud in Virginia.
CONTENT: The party in the White House is responsible for a massive tax increase on the middle class.
CONTENT: The U.S. unemployment rate has been massaged, its been doctored.
CONTENT: The five states that outlaw collective bargaining for teachers all rank below 44th in the nation in test scores, while Wisconsin ranks 2nd.
CONTENT: We know from the social science that children do best with a mom and a dad.
CONTENT: Super Bowl Sunday has the highest rate of domestic violence.
CONTENT: Abortion is the second-most conducted surgical procedure in this country.
CONTENT: Says Tom Barrett supports a government takeover of our health care
Node: (26, 5)--------------------
CONTENT: Most of the (Affordable Care Act) has already in some sense been waived or otherwise suspended.
CONTENT: An independent payment advisory board created by in the health care reform law is like a Medicare IRS with the power to cut Medicare in order to pay for new government programs.
CONTENT: Says its absurd to say theres enough data to establish a link between playing football and Chronic Traumatic Encephalopathy.
CONTENT: He leant his name to a bill, did little or nothing three years ago to try to get it passed, (and) since then has done absolutely nothing other than disavow any attempt to move on the legislation.
CONTENT: Congress is a very special group of people. More than 80 percent of them never left the United States.
CONTENT: Florida seniors are exempt from losing Medicare Advantage under the federal health care bill.
CONTENT: Says 70 percent of Virginias Medicaid cost is for seniors in nursing homes.
CONTENT: Says theres $4 billion in private investment along the streetcar.
CONTENT: All of the records, as far as I know, about what we did with health care, those are already available.
CONTENT: Social Security has not contributed to the debt and the deficits.
CONTENT: Says the vaccine to prevent HPV can cause mental retardation.
CONTENT: Members of Congress passed a pay raise for themselves of $10,000 over two years even as they voted not to raise Social Security benefits for 2010 and 2011.
CONTENT: Says the president of the University of Texas has raised four-year student graduation rates to 75 percent.
CONTENT: One year today since #GOP took control of the House and no new jobs.
CONTENT: Says the money is in the budget to give a tax break to everyone, including people making more than $1 million.
CONTENT: Says abortion is the most common surgery in our country.
CONTENT: Amniocentesis, does, in fact, result more often than not in this country in abortion.
CONTENT: Says the Constitution only requires her to tell the census how many people are in our home.
CONTENT: In fact, 85 percent of Oregonians voted in 2008.
Node: (26, 6)--------------------
CONTENT: Says 11 straight years of no major hurricanes striking land in the United States bores a hole right through the whole climate change argument.
CONTENT: Members of Congress receive full pay retirement after serving one term.
CONTENT: It was allowed, referring to her email practices.
CONTENT: Alison Alter got an F in attendance in 2016 as an Austin parks board member and was removed by a unanimous vote of the Austin City Council.
CONTENT: Without Westside MAX, wed need to add 2.9 lanes to the Sunset Highway.
CONTENT: No Republicans voted for recent hikes in the income tax, payroll tax, capital gains tax, dividend tax and estate tax. These taxes were all passed under Obamacare.
CONTENT: In 2011, texting surpassed alcohol as the leading contributing factor in teen driving deaths.
CONTENT: Says state Sens. Greg Evers, Nancy Detert and Charles Dean got a failing grade from conservatives.
CONTENT: Last year, there were an additional 81,000 pages of government regulations. If you stack that up, it would be a three-story building.
CONTENT: Says shes tried over 100 jury cases in Travis County courts.
CONTENT: Says the Department of Defense changed its definitions of al-Qaeda and the Taliban making it so almost anybody can be loosely associated with the groups.
CONTENT: Says over 25 percent of the Texas budget funds services to non-U.S. citizens.
CONTENT: Says $6 billion projected to accumulate in the states rainy day fund is already used.
Node: (26, 7)--------------------
CONTENT: Michigan and Massachusetts raised their bottle deposit and could no longer afford the program because the redemptions were so high there was no profit in there.
CONTENT: Says Texas has the nations most uninsured residents.
CONTENT: Floridas economy became a bad economy ... because of a huge spike in oil prices in the summer of 2008.
CONTENT: Says Nevada state Sen. Michael Roberson forced Common Core for Nevada schools.
CONTENT: Californias Capitol building is second only to Disneyland, among visitor sites in the state.
CONTENT: Says that as Providences mayor, David Cicilline said the city had a world-class school system. Not only did Providence not have a world-class school system but as measured, was amongst the last school system in the entire country.
CONTENT: UPS left 15,000 employees spouses without health insurance and told them to, go on an exchange with no employer subsidy.
CONTENT: Says there are $500 billion in Medicare cuts required to pay for this flawed [health care law].
CONTENT: Some doctors say Ebola can be transmitted through the air by a sneeze or some cough.
CONTENT: The tax policies of George W. Bush created a dynamic effect of high growth.
CONTENT: Says the Medicaid fraud rate in Virginia was fact-checked and found to be 0.47 percent.
CONTENT: We would be just like North Carolina with HB2-like (transgender bathroom) legislation. It actually passed our chamber and I vetoed it.
CONTENT: Says some Austin school district classrooms lack electrical outlets.
CONTENT: Gov. Romney cut off kosher meals for Jewish senior citizens who were on Medicaid to save $5 a day.
Node: (26, 8)--------------------
CONTENT: Were losing as many people to heroin and opioid overdoses as we lost to the AIDS epidemic at its peak.
CONTENT: Says Barack Obama never worked in the private sector before he was elected president.
CONTENT: Says Howard Zinn, an anti-American Marxist, wrote the most popular textbook thats taught in our high schools in America.
CONTENT: Common welfare programs give income of $43,330 or $20.83 an hour.
CONTENT: Says President Barack Obamas recent New York fundraising trip cost between $25 million and $50 million.
CONTENT: I saw my father march with Martin Luther King.
CONTENT: Says Fort Hood near Killeen, Texas, is the largest military installation in the free world.
CONTENT: Mickey Mouse was registered to vote (in Florida).
CONTENT: Says she made a cold call and persuaded an Illinois company to relocate to Wisconsin.
Node: (26, 9)--------------------
CONTENT: SaysRand Paulhas put out budgets to cut the military in half.
CONTENT: Youll find blacks in almost every regiment throughout the South who fought right alongside white Southerners, during the Civil War.
CONTENT: Photo of "tea party" protests shows crowd sprawling from Capitol to Washington Monument
CONTENT: 110 people a day move to Austin.
CONTENT: Says Charlie Crist could have expanded Medicaid after the health care law passed but didnt.
CONTENT: Says President Barack Obama failed to stand up for the bipartisan debt solutions of the Simpson-Bowles Commission.
CONTENT: Says in 2012 Obama won in every state that did not require a photo ID and lost in every state that did require a photo ID in order to vote.
CONTENT: Says there was a NATO base in Turkey being under attack by terrorists.
CONTENT: Says a trash mound on U.S. 290 is 800 feet tall.
CONTENT: Says she was misquoted and didnt say that the Israeli ambassador said what the Republicans are doing is dangerous for Israel.
CONTENT: Says gubernatorial recall candidate Tom Barrett supported passage of Gov. Scott Walkers bill stripping collective bargaining of state employees.
CONTENT: Says Jeb Bush extended early voting after seeing long lines.
CONTENT: Martin Luther King was a Republican.
CONTENT: Says U.S. House candidate Carlos Curbelo supported ending the Medicare guarantee.
CONTENT: Says a Canadian provincial prime minister came to Ohio for his medical treatment because of the delay in Canadian health care which would have endangered his life.
CONTENT: Says Obama was in New York City the same day as Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu but went on a TV show instead of meeting with him.
CONTENT: Weve caught Iran cheating on the interim (nuclear) deal.
CONTENT: Nazi imagery [was used] by the Block for Governor campaign to describe supporters of Allan Fung for Governor.
CONTENT: McCain opposed the border fence.
Node: (26, 10)--------------------
CONTENT: SaysPeter Kilmartin voted in favor of expanding the good behavior statute to sex offenders.
CONTENT: Says the Obama administration watered down sanctions against Iran, delayed them and tried to stop Congress from putting the tough sanctions in place.
CONTENT: Says New Jersey Devils managing partner Jeff Vanderbeek took us into arbitration.
CONTENT: Says CNN deleted an online poll showing Bernie Sanders won the first Democratic presidential debate to help out Hillary Clinton.
CONTENT: Says Jeb Bush said he would take his pants off and moon everybody ... Nobody reports that.
CONTENT: Says Allen West violatedfederal law by scuba diving with U.S. flag.
CONTENT: Says Rick Scott raised property taxes.
CONTENT: 1928 was last time Republicans had the White House, the House and the Senate.
CONTENT: Says Charlie Crists campaign bashedSen. Bill Nelsons big-government solutions.
CONTENT: Says military commanders have said that if Donald Trump were elected, they would not follow his orders.
CONTENT: Rick Perry ended full-day Pre-K for 100,000 Texas children.
CONTENT: Says recall organizers started their website last November and began work on their effort before he even took office.
CONTENT: The Iranians continue in the view of every objective observer continue to pursue the acquisition of nuclear weapons.
CONTENT: Says Chris Christie was behind in the polls against Jon Corzine during the 2009 governors race.
CONTENT: SaidPresident Barack Obama said he was going to stop (signature strikes).
CONTENT: Atlanta Public Schools 2011 CRCT tests were given under the strictest security possible.
CONTENT: This rule could prevent children under 18 from using such tools as a power screwdriver, a milking machine or something as simple as a wheelbarrow on the family farm . . .
CONTENT: On returning Republican campaign contributions.
CONTENT: Says Bernie Sanders wins California landslide, But  of his votes arent counted.
Node: (26, 11)--------------------
CONTENT: When President AbrahamLincoln signed his Emancipation Proclamation, there were over 300,000 slaveholders who were fighting in the Union army.
CONTENT: Barack Obama has "reversed" on his commitment "to begin withdrawing American troops from Iraq immediately."
CONTENT: Republican leadership took the lead confirming Loretta Lynch as attorney general.
CONTENT: The president released all of the oil from the Strategic Oil Reserve.
CONTENT: Said U.S. Rep. Jim Marshall, D-Macon, sent nearly $2 billion overseas to build wind turbines and create jobs, mostly in China
CONTENT: Says stories about his birth certificate drowned out media coverage of the Republican and White House budget plans the week of April 11.
CONTENT: Saysproposal to boostteacherpension fundputs no mandate on local government.
CONTENT: Democrats failed to flip the Wisconsin state Senate because recall elections were in the deepest red districts in the state.
CONTENT: [Renewable energy] projects . . . get us off foreign oil and away, step by step, from these foreign entanglements that we have to get into to defend our oil supply.
CONTENT: Senate Democrats who left the state for weeks to delay a vote on union bargaining power exercised a Wisconsin filibuster provided by the states constitution.
CONTENT: Says Obamaexempted Congress and their staff from the full effect of the (health care) law.
CONTENT: When one person sneezes, it goes all the way through the aircraft.
CONTENT: Lindsey Graham endorsed Charlie Crist for U.S. Senate.
CONTENT: The Senate proposal to restore emergency unemployment benefits for five months was fully paid for.
Node: (26, 12)--------------------
CONTENT: President Ronald Reagan sent troops into conflict only in one circumstance, which was in Grenada We were in a peacekeeping setting in Lebanon.
CONTENT: The economy began its nose dive when Democrats took control of Congress in January 2007.
CONTENT: Debbie Jackow unlike her opponent ...WILL NOT de-fund the 20/20 land program.
CONTENT: Says 70,000 children have lost their Head Start slots because of the sequester.
CONTENT: Lee Zeldin missed 2/3rds of Veterans Affairs Hearings
CONTENT: Says sixty-two percent of small businesses over the last five years went under because they couldnt pay their health care bills.
CONTENT: There were $2 billion in earmarks in fiscal year 2012.
CONTENT: Part of his ride was to warn the British that were already there that, Hey, youre not going to succeed.
CONTENT: The 90 percent statistic ofsupporting background checks, thats been debunked.
CONTENT: Americans invented the automobile.
CONTENT: Says JoAnne Kloppenburgs side had a 3-to-1 money advantage in the Wisconsin Supreme Court campaign.
Node: (26, 13)--------------------
CONTENT: Says the No. 2 cause of death in the U.S. (for) women under 50 is being killed by their spouse or domestic partner.
CONTENT: We saw the president of the United States engage American troops in a fourth conflict in a foreign land. This is historic.
CONTENT: On releasing photographs depicting the abuse of prisoners.
CONTENT: Teachers were not involved in developing the Common Core State Standards.
CONTENT: I have fought for our shared values without being an ideologue or a partisan
CONTENT: Justice John Roberts Signed Off On Obamas Arrest For Treason.
CONTENT: Martin Luther King Jr. was a Republican.
CONTENT: Says Donald Trumps presidential victory was an electoral landslide.
CONTENT: 1 percent of candidates that (the National Rifle Association) endorsed in 2012 won.
CONTENT: Say water fluoridation started in Nazi Germany ghettos and death camps to pacify the Jews.
CONTENT: Soldiers Donating to Tea Party Now Face Punishment Under the Uniform Code of Military Justice.
CONTENT: I fought hard for that (state Senate) seat. I only lost by four points. I raised over $700,000.
CONTENT: War for the soul of the TxDems: 57% of Dem incumbents for Tx House LOST their primary.
CONTENT: Says he has never received any contributions from the Koch brothers.
CONTENT: Semi-automatic weapons, whether pistol or rifle, were designed for use by the military on the battlefield.
CONTENT: Greenlight Pinellas wont take existing lanes from other vehicles.
Node: (26, 14)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Donald Trumps Make America Great Againhats were made in China.
CONTENT: Says gas costs $4.50 a gallon.
CONTENT: During the Eisenhower Administration, not a single soldier died in combat.
CONTENT: On suspending system development charges for two years.
CONTENT: Says over 90 percent of Travis Countys eligible residents have registered to vote.
CONTENT: The majority last quarter of Sherrod Browns campaign contributions came from outside of the state of Ohio.
Node: (26, 17)--------------------
CONTENT: Gross income tax receipts are exceeding the Administrations projections for this fiscal year prior to Sandy.
CONTENT: Says the Texas unemployment rate has even grown more than the nations as a whole.
CONTENT: Health care is the greatest contribution to spending increases in the state budget.
CONTENT: More Americans receive food aid than work in (the) private sector.
CONTENT: Its been 17 years that weve had unemployment higher than the national average in Oregon.
Node: (26, 18)--------------------
CONTENT: Weve created more jobs in the United States than every other advanced economy combined since I came into office.
CONTENT: If you go strictly by the numbers, crime is down across the board. Last year we had a 10 percent decrease in the most serious crimes.
CONTENT: Manufacturing is having its best employment year in almost 15 years.
CONTENT: We are at a 40-year low in our crime rate in our state.
CONTENT: The city of Atlanta ranks 25th among U.S. cities with the highest crime rates.
CONTENT: The turnout on May 14th was just 7 percent -- the lowest turnout in decades.
CONTENT: Says Travis Countys unemployment rate is below the national average while its poverty rate exceeds the national average--and local poverty is rising.
CONTENT: The U.S. unemployment rate has remained above 8 percent for 43 consecutive months, the longest stretch since the Great Depression.
CONTENT: The unemployment rate among blacks in Texas is 9.5% -- far more than double white unemployment -- and wages have fallen for black workers in Texas since 2000.
CONTENT: In North Carolina, now were near the national average for unemployment.
CONTENT: Says Oregon ranks 30th in the nation with regard to its incarceration rate.
Node: (26, 19)--------------------
CONTENT: Annual precipitation has increased in Rhode Island by over 12 inches in the last century.
CONTENT: In 2011, NJ economy ranked 47th--at the bottom with Alabama, Mississippi Wyoming. Under Christie, NJ is falling behind.
CONTENT: When the City and the Fairmount Park Conservancy invested $5 million in Hunting Park, crime went down 89 percent within a half mile radius of the park over the next three years.
CONTENT: Since Sherrod Brown and the Democrats rammed the economic stimulus bill through, Ohios unemployment rate has risen to 9.6 percent, above the national average.
CONTENT: Ohio is doing better right now than the national average on all the (economic) numbers.
CONTENT: Tide gauges measuring sea level in Rhode Island since 1930 have risen maybe about 10 inches since that time.
CONTENT: Says federal spending has increased 21 percent over the past three years.
CONTENT: When Charlie Crist was elected governor, Florida ranked 31st in K-12 education. "Last year ... we went from 31st to 14. And this year, the top 10 in America."
Node: (26, 20)--------------------
CONTENT: The price of gasoline was at $1.85 a gallon when President Barack Obama took office and has since nearly doubled because of his policies
CONTENT: The five economic indicators that the federal government tracks - for the first time since August 2006 - were positive this October.
CONTENT: Ive cut the budget of the (lieutenant governors) office by more than half.
CONTENT: In 2008, when Flint had 265 sworn officers on their police force, there were 35 murders and 91 rapes in this city. In 2010, when Flint had only 144 police officers, the murder rate climbed to 65, and rapes climbed to 229.
CONTENT: Florida has reduced its carbon emissions by 20 percent since 2005.
CONTENT: Over the last 10 years, Georgias public health has declined.
CONTENT: Oregons budget has grown by 49 percent in just four years.
CONTENT: Gas prices have never been higher, and Exxon Mobil's profits have never been higher.
CONTENT: Says the Congressional Budget Office said unemployment could top 9 percent in 2013
CONTENT: The Obama administration raised discretionary spending by 24 percent from President George W. Bushs last full-year budget and will run up more debt by October than Bush did in eight years.
CONTENT: Under Republicans, recessions happen four times as frequently as under Democrats.
CONTENT: The shutdown is projected to result in $10 billion in costs to the economy per week.
CONTENT: Housing prices dropped for the 30 months prior to Barack Obama taking office, and they have stabilized, theyve been about flat since the president came in.
Node: (26, 21)--------------------
CONTENT: The economic turnaround started at the end of my term.
CONTENT: The cost of health care is now the single-biggest factor driving down the federal budget deficit.
CONTENT: The Redskins Training Camp deal generated $40 million in new private investment in the city.
CONTENT: The GOP budget plan would cut nearly a million jobs.
CONTENT: Under President Obama, U.S. security funding for Israel is at an all-time high.
CONTENT: Under President Obama, domestic oil production is at an eight-year high.
CONTENT: Says President Obama has grown the federal government payroll by 141,000 workers and wants to add 125,000 more.
CONTENT: The national economic recovery has led to higher than expected tax revenues and projected budget surpluses in nearly every state in the nation, including Wisconsin.
CONTENT: Tyler Perrys plan to turn a majority of the former Fort McPherson into a film and television studio is expected to add over 8,000 new jobs to Atlanta.
CONTENT: A new manufacturing plant is slated to create about 3,000 jobs in central and northeast Georgia and create about a $3 billion infusion into the economy.
CONTENT: Kasichs budget increases state spending from $50.5 billion to $55.6 billion. This is the second largest, two-year spending increase in Ohio history.
CONTENT: The new Hartsfield-Jackson international terminal was on time and on budget.
CONTENT: Says public education will get more money in 2012-13 though lawmakers cut $15 billion in overall spending.
CONTENT: Kohls Department Stores in 2012 announced the creation of 3,000 new jobs.
CONTENT: The 2005 round of military base closings has not yet resulted in savings.
CONTENT: Polls now show a majority of Catholics favor marriage equality.
Node: (26, 22)--------------------
CONTENT: Some neighborhood schools are closing.
CONTENT: Says the CBO estimates that fully extending the Bush tax cuts would add 600,000-1.4 million jobs in 2011 and 900,000-2.7 million jobs in 2012.
CONTENT: Factories are opening their doors at the fastest pace in almost two decades.
CONTENT: More people today are leaving Virginia than moving in.
CONTENT: Under Obama's tax plan, "95 percent of you will get a tax cut."
CONTENT: Given how expansive our program already was, expanding Medicaid in New Jersey due to Obamacare was a relatively small expansion.
CONTENT: Since I took office, weve created 76,800 jobs.
CONTENT: We have created new jobs here in Cranston -- more than 1,000.
CONTENT: In 2011, there were more than 28,000 new Tennessee jobs created and over $4 billion in capital investment. Our Jobs4TN plan is working.
CONTENT: With recent growth it is very clear that private-sector jobs have been doing fine.
CONTENT: Austin Energy is considering its first rate increase since 1994.
Node: (26, 23)--------------------
CONTENT: Over the last 10 years, Texas created 33 percent of the net new jobs nationwide.
CONTENT: Says Florida is a model for successful pretrial release programs.
CONTENT: There are 278 Republicans in Congress. (With Eric Cantors defeat), they are now all Christian and all white except for one black senator, who was appointed.
CONTENT: For the first time in history, Wisconsin has more government jobs than manufacturing jobs.
CONTENT: We have unemployment that rivals the Great Depression.
CONTENT: Says the high-speed rail project provides short-term jobs.
CONTENT: More than 1 million Texans live without affordable health care because Rick Perry failed to partner with the Legislature to find a Texas solution to closing the coverage gap.
CONTENT: Boston is just 60 minutes away and its offering subsidies to developers who can charge higher rent than you can get in Providence while construction costs are more or less equal. As a result, the Boston skyline is completely dominated by the cranes.
CONTENT: Over the last several years, 40 percent (of) the jobs created in Texas were created for illegal aliens.
CONTENT: Ohio is probably top five in the country, sadly, in terms of heroin overdoses. Its now exceeded car accidents as the No. 1 cause of death in Ohio.
Node: (26, 24)--------------------
CONTENT: In Texas, the No. 1 name for new male babies many of whom will vote one day is Jose.
CONTENT: More than 27,000 Rhode Island jobs depend on trade with Canada.
CONTENT: Greece is not a big economy. Its about the size of metropolitan Miami.
CONTENT: U.S. Sen. Saxby Chambliss votes more with Democrats than with conservatives.
CONTENT: Even Roger Williams National Memorial in my home state of Rhode Island attracted nearly 51,000 visitors in 2011, with non local visitors adding more than $3.2 million to the local economy.
CONTENT: Immigrants start businesses at a faster rate; they seem to grow those businesses more successfully.
CONTENT: According to crime statistics, riding MARTA has been becoming more and more safe over the years.
CONTENT: Says Texas gained 21,000 doctors due to tort reform.
CONTENT: Milwaukee has seen an uptick in violence since 2010, and the only period of calm we get is when winter sets in.
CONTENT: Says Rep. Maxine Waters, D-Calif., only needs about 40,000 to 50,000 votes to win election to Congress compared with the 120,000 votes King needs, because Waters has a higher immigrant population.
CONTENT: Since Corey Stewart became chairman in November 2006, unemployment is up 150% and average home price sales are down $150,000.
CONTENT: Due to over-incarceration in 1950, two out of three young black men were in the workforce. Today, its one out of three black men are in the workforce.
CONTENT: Were the only advanced democracy in the world that makes it harder for people to vote.
CONTENT: Since Barack Obama became president of the United States, 95 percent of economic gains have been made by the richest 1 percent.
CONTENT: Says the Affordable Care Act has already reduced the number of uninsured in Oregon by 10 percent.
CONTENT: Eleven years ago, the city of Detroit lifted the residency requirement for police officers and today, 53 percent of officers live outside of the city. If we want the tax base of Milwaukee to resemble the tax base of Detroit, this is the way to go.
Node: (26, 25)--------------------
CONTENT: Twenty percent of housing in Portlands Pearl District is affordable.
CONTENT: Says under Mitt Romney, Massachusetts was 47th in job creation.
CONTENT: Says unemployment tripled in Dane County due to Kathleen Falks tax policies
CONTENT: While the United States has seen its unemployment rate steadily decline, New Jerseys remains nearly two percent higher than the national average and more than a point higher than Connecticut and New York.
CONTENT: The highest economic growth decade was the 1960s. Income tax rates were 90 percent.
CONTENT: Since parole abolition, Virginias crime rate has fallen to third lowest in the country, our recidivism rate is down 20 percent and thats the second lowest in the country.
CONTENT: There are more poor people today as a percentage of our population than the 1970s.
CONTENT: If you look at the income of average Americans...theyre absolutely flat in constant dollars since 1979.
CONTENT: Creating 25 jobs in Umatilla County has the same impact as 500 jobs in the metro region.
CONTENT: 40 percent of U.S. gun sales are occurring outside of licensed gun dealers.
CONTENT: Milwaukee is the most segregated city in America.
Node: (26, 26)--------------------
CONTENT: The United States is about 100th in voter turnout among the industrialized nations, and Texas is near the bottom in terms of voter registration and voter turnout.
CONTENT: [E]mployment in Gwinnett is up more than 3 percent over last year, and unemployment is the lowest of the five core metro counties.
CONTENT: Figures for September 2014s job growth in Wisconsin mark the largest private-sector job creation weve had in the month of September in more than a decade
CONTENT: Since I took office, Wisconsin now has the 2nd highest health care quality ranking in the country.
CONTENT: Cincinnati is already one of the biggest cities in the country to run 100 percent on clean energy.
CONTENT: Income disparities in the United States are the worst since the 1920s.
CONTENT: Revenues are 15 percent of GDP its still in the range of the lowest its ever been.
Node: (26, 27)--------------------
CONTENT: If you take the population growth here in Virginia, we are net zero on job creation since (Bob McDonnell) became governor.
CONTENT: Says with Gov. Chris Christie and bipartisan reformers New Jersey had the most job growth in 11 years.
CONTENT: If Rhode Island raises the meal and beverage tax to 10 percent, it would be the fourth-highest in the nation.
CONTENT: Says Texas is last in mental health expenditures.
CONTENT: We have the lowest percentage of Americans actually holding a job in 40 years.
CONTENT: We have the lowest percentage of Americans working today of any year since 1977.
CONTENT: Washington, D.C., now has greater population than Wyoming and Vermont, more active duty military than 29 states, more tax revenue than 29 states (and) a larger domestic product than 27 states.
CONTENT: Says U.S. corporate tax rate is highest in the world at 35 percent.
CONTENT: Milwaukee incarcerates 1.2% of white men and has incarcerated over 50% of black men in their 30s.
CONTENT: When it comes to the state deficit, Wisconsin is proportionally in as much trouble as the State of California.
Node: (26, 28)--------------------
CONTENT: If we had the same staffing ratio (of officers to residents) as Seattle, wed have 300 more officers in our department.
CONTENT: Says Central Texas river water sent to downstream rice farmers in 2011 equaled about three years worth of Austins water use.
CONTENT: Says Nevadans will have a double-digit hike in their Obamacare premiums for the year and 10 of Nevadas 16 counties will only have one Obamacare...exchange insurer
CONTENT: We have created more jobs in this last year than the Bush administration (did) in eight years.
CONTENT: More private-sector jobs were created in the first eight months of 2010 than in the eight years of the Bush administration.
Node: (26, 29)--------------------
CONTENT: You had more women getting computer sciences degrees in the 80s by a factor of 2-plus than you do now.
CONTENT: [A]t his current rate, President Obama will have added more debt to the United State of America by the end of his first term than each of the previous 43 presidents -- combined!
CONTENT: Amazing fact: Senate has already voted on more amendments in 2015 than Reid allowed ALL YEAR last year.
CONTENT: Our small staff of 51 is still fewer than we had a decade ago, yet our caseload -- like that of other courts -- has grown.
CONTENT: Between 1982 and 2007 the cost of a college education increased 439 percent.
CONTENT: The number of terrorists out there has doubled.
CONTENT: Thanks in part to our all-of-the-above strategy for American energy, the United States generates more natural gas than anybody.
CONTENT: The national debt is equal to $48,700 for every American or $128,300 for every U.S. household. It is now equivalent to the size of our entire economy.
CONTENT: In the past two years in Congress, Ive written more bills, passed more amendments on the floor of the House and enacted more of my bills into law than any other member of the House.
CONTENT: The number of African-American men in prison has increased fivefold since he left office.
CONTENT: Faculty salaries at UW System institutions have now fallen more than 18 percent below the national average.
CONTENT: The federal government is spending 25 percent of our entire economy versus 100 years ago we spent only 2 percent.
CONTENT: Says the Senate will have a record number of female senators in 2013.
CONTENT: The cost of college education has gone up 1,200 percent since 1978.
CONTENT: President Barack Obama has deported more people in his first year in office than George W. Bush in his last year in office.
CONTENT: Says the U.S. national debt has tripled during Rep. Greg Waldens time in Congress.
CONTENT: The United States accounted for 26 percent of worldwide military spending during the Cold War, but now accounts for 41 percent.
CONTENT: Fewer Democrats were on the Georgia general election ballot in 2012 than in more than 100 years.
CONTENT: Under sequestration, the military was cut down to the smallest Army since 1940, the smallest Navy since 1915.
CONTENT: When total Sandy spending is added up, its more than the annual budget for the U.S. Department of Homeland Security. And its more than twice the annual budget of the U.S. Energy Department.
Node: (27, 0)--------------------
CONTENT: U.S. Rep. Ron Kind, D-Wis., and his fellow Democrats went on a spending spree and now their credit card is maxed out
CONTENT: Sheila Jackson Lee of Texas said: Hey, all you wrinkly, white-aged has-beens: Its time for you to die and let the next generation have your spot on the planet.
CONTENT: U.S. Reps. Eric Cantor and Luis Gutierrez were touring the country last year joined at the hip, working together in a bipartisan fashion indeed for the goal of immigration reform.
CONTENT: Donald Trump Protester Speaks Out: I Was Paid $3,500 To Protest Trumps Rally.
CONTENT: This is the first time since World War II that five nuclear-powered aircraft carriers were docked together.
CONTENT: Says CNNs Wolf Blitzer was wrong to say that the wealthiest Americans, they pay the most in taxes already -- 50 percent of Americans dont even pay any federal income tax.
CONTENT: Says Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker is making voting more difficult by closing Department of Motor Vehicles offices where low-income voters live.
CONTENT: Says Proposition 205 blocks market entry for new marijuana dispensaries.
CONTENT: The Ukraine Orange Revolution in 2004 was the first color revolution.
CONTENT: A transcript released by Occidental College proves that Barack Obama was an Indonesian citizen.
CONTENT: Jim Marshall votes liberal in Washington ... and we arent fooled.
CONTENT: Gains in Atlanta Public Schools scores on a national standardized test lend credence to dramatic score increases on state tests.
CONTENT: AIG insures the pension trust of the United States Congress!
CONTENT: Says Democratic challenger for his N.C. House seat raised taxes on clothing, school supplies even baby diapers!
CONTENT: Matt Patten kicked off his dirty campaign with thousands in dirty cash from guess who? (Frank) Russo and (Jimmy) Dimora.
CONTENT: Obama has jumped the shark and ordered the ocean closed!
CONTENT: Says U.S. Rep. Stephen Fincher breaks earmark pledge.
CONTENT: The Republicans just voted last year to end Medicare.
CONTENT: Says the headlines tell the story of how Walker has mismanaged Milwaukee County
CONTENT: Pls refer to Jan.1 tax changes appropriately: theyre OBAMA TAX HIKES theyll slam every Americans savings, investments job opportunity
CONTENT: President Obama and Democrats spending addiction has driven our national debt to historic proportions, maxed out our national credit card and has now led to the Democrat Downgrade of our countrys AAA credit rating.
CONTENT: Says U.S. Rep. Tammy Baldwin is backing President Barack Obamas plan to pass a $1.5 trillion tax increase.
CONTENT: Final election 2016 numbers: Trump won the popular vote.
CONTENT: More than 400 car crashes occur each year on the current, congested Columbia River Bridge.
CONTENT: Powerful Houston Democrats Sylvia Garcia (Democrat county commissioner in Harris County) and Elyse Lanie(r) (wife of the former liberal Democrat mayor Bob Lanier) sponsored a Democrat fundraiser for Speaker (Joe) Straus with numerous Democrat officials and high-ranking union officials.
CONTENT: The study that states that more than 70 percent of the traffic on the Sellwood Bridge is to/from Clackamas County has been thoroughly debunked by The Oregonian.
CONTENT: Rhode Islands graduated driving license has saved hundreds of lives.
CONTENT: Obama has proposed a 1.4% pay increase for active duty military in 2011. This is THE LOWEST SINCE 1973 ... A LOWER PAY INCREASE THAN WELFARE RECIPIENTS!!!
CONTENT: Farouk is on fire.
CONTENT: Fully inflating tires is "a step that every expert says would absolutely reduce our oil consumption by 3 to 4 percent."
CONTENT: Florida sheriffs unequivocally support the stand your groundlaw.
CONTENT: Did you know ObamaCare will cost nearly twice as much as initially expected -- $1.8 TRILLION?
CONTENT: Phoenix, Ariz., is the No. 2 kidnapping capital of the world.
CONTENT: Says Gov. Rick Perrys administration has proposed ending immunizations for 113,000 kids.
CONTENT: The Texas Capitol faces South toward Goliad, in memory of the most horrific battle of the Texas Revolution.
Node: (27, 1)--------------------
CONTENT: Gov. Crist's veto also clears the way for taxpayer funding of abortion in Florida.
CONTENT: Clayton County offers the lowest operating millage rate in Metro Atlanta.
CONTENT: Betty Sutton and her fellow Democrats went on a spending spree and now their credit card is maxed out.
CONTENT: It costs us, logistically, three times more to fight in Afghanistan than it does in any other place.
CONTENT: It takes as much energy to make a solar panel as it likely generates in its entire life.
CONTENT: For every 33 pregnant women that walk into a Planned Parenthood clinic, 32 receive an abortion.
CONTENT: Romneycare sent costs spiraling out of control in Massachusetts, hiking premiums, squeezing household budgets.
CONTENT: Rick Scott has destroyed over 100,000 jobs.
CONTENT: Six institutions in our country now control two thirds of the capital.
CONTENT: Foreign Trade Zones allow U.S. land to be inhabited by Chinese communists -- communists straight from China! They are to set up little towns and live here.
CONTENT: Obamas Justice-designate Sotomayor threw out (the New Haven firefighters) lawsuit in a sneaky, unsigned opinion -- the judicial equivalent of talk to the hand.
CONTENT: U.S. Reps. John Barrow and Sanford Bishop and their fellow Democrats went on a spending spree and now their credit card is maxed out.
Node: (27, 2)--------------------
CONTENT: (Texas Republicans) believe in abolishing Social Security, abolishing V.A. health care.
CONTENT: Says if we do nothing and continue to let Obamacare siphon off that $700 billion dollars off the top of it, Medicare goes away in less than 10 years -- certain accounts of it -- and it just falls apart at the seams.
CONTENT: Rick Scotts Administration spent over $100,000 of taxpayer money during their first voter purge attempt in 2012.
CONTENT: What they will do is socialized medicine.
CONTENT: Says the federal government mandates transexuals (sic) and homosexuals grabbing children in their stranger-danger zones in the name of airport security.
CONTENT: Romneycare is a top-down, government-run health care system.
CONTENT: Democratic Reps. Cicilline, Boswell, Carnahan and Critz demanded that Congress vote to increase the nations debt limit without making any spending cuts.
CONTENT: Says one of Austin City Council Member Randi Shades biggest contributors is the lobbyist for the Formula 1 racetrack planned outside Austin.
CONTENT: Ebola is incredibly contagious, very transmissible and easy to catch.
CONTENT: In Buffalos SolarCity project, Andrew Cuomo will create maybe 500 jobs if it ever happens at all, at about $1.5 million per job.
CONTENT: The United States has more of our people in prison than Russia, China, and North Korea combined.
CONTENT: U.S. Rep. John Barrow of Georgia has helped support the implementation of Obamacare.
CONTENT: Says Reps. Rush Holt, Frank Pallone and Bill Pascrell are willing to jeopardize seniors access to coverage by gutting $741 billion from Medicare to pay for a big-government healthcare takeover.
CONTENT: Planned Parenthood is nothing more than a referral service. They dont do anything except profit from killing babies and then selling body parts of those aborted babies.
CONTENT: Obamacare is the biggest job-killer in this country -- millions of Americans have lost their jobs, have been forced into part-time work.
CONTENT: These steps (a middle-class tax cut, national health care plan, foreclosure prevention fund, Social Security fix and more) are all paid for.
CONTENT: Says 67 percent of marriages now wind up in divorce.
CONTENT: Women own just 1 percent of the worlds land.
CONTENT: As the election tracker FiveThirtyEight has reported, whoever wins Pennsylvania will be our next President.
CONTENT: Says that had E-Verify been in place in Florida when 9/11 terrorists lived here, we might have saved the lives of 3,000 Americans.
CONTENT: The new health care law will force seniors into Barack Obamas government-run health care program.
CONTENT: [R]emember, the president proposed eliminating charitable deductions for higher-income taxpayers.
CONTENT: We actually made history in 2010. We came the closest in 24 years to defeating Frank Pallone.
CONTENT: Under last years health care reform, a bunch of bureaucrats decide whether you get care, such as continuing on dialysis or cancer chemotherapy.
Node: (27, 3)--------------------
CONTENT: A data-storing microchip "would be implanted in the majority of people who opt to become covered by the public health care option."
CONTENT: There is no Plan B if the transportation referendum is not passed by voters.
CONTENT: 2014 Federal Tax Refunds To Be Delayed Until October 2015.
CONTENT: Says Barack Obama and his team are socialists in every respect of the word.
CONTENT: 2008: Unions Spent $400 Million to Elect Obama.
CONTENT: The Murray-Ryan deal is the first divided-government budget agreement since 1986.
CONTENT: If you give guns to gangs, you can get out of jail free, if (Californias Proposition 57) passes. If you do a drive-by shooting, you can get out of jail free, if Proposition 57 passes. If you discharge guns on a school yard, you can get out of jail free.
CONTENT: Says Romney tax plan could take away middle-class deductions for child care, mortgages and college tuition.
CONTENT: The University of Wisconsin System will be much more affordable than just about any other campus in America because going forward we have a cap on it tied to inflation.
CONTENT: Birth control pioneer Margaret Sanger believed that people like me should be eliminated.
CONTENT: Weve seen in this last year tremendous things happening, including our unemployment rate come down 2 percentage points.
CONTENT: Royalties foroil and other energy sources are the "second-largest revenue source to the federal government after the IRS."
CONTENT: No doctors who went to an American medical school will be accepting Obamacare.
CONTENT: Gov. McAuliffes budget would raid school, other $$ 4 Obamacare in VA.
CONTENT: Says an appointed board created under Obamacare will have the ability to come between you and your doctor in determining the best treatment options for you!
CONTENT: By allowing brewpubs to sell beer, Georgia could become like Mexico with only a couple of manufacturers controlling all aspects of market.
CONTENT: Says Texas proved in court that more than 200 dead people voted in the latest Texas election.
CONTENT: Says Bill Nelson cast the deciding vote for Obamacare cutting Medicare spending by $700 billion and letting an unelected board decide what gets covered here.
Node: (27, 4)--------------------
CONTENT: Alex Sink funneled three quarters of a million dollars in no-bid contracts to Bank of America.
CONTENT: The (health reform) legislation which Washington passed last year has made it more difficult to hire because its increased costs for employers.
CONTENT: The IRS will have the ability potentially to deny or delay health care.
CONTENT: Deregulation of the states telecommunications industry will create 50,000 jobs in Wisconsin.
CONTENT: The state [food stamp call center] program is administered from foreign shores.
CONTENT: This (Independent Payment Advisory Board) board can ration care and deny certain Medicare treatments so Washington can fund more wasteful spending.
CONTENT: Says state Rep. Patrick Rose votes 90 percent with liberals, backed the states largest tax increase, proposed nearly $15 billion in government spending and supported Obama-style government-run health care system for Texas.
CONTENT: Says Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walkers actions are directly responsible for killing at least 15,000 jobs.
CONTENT: In the recent House special election in Florida, Democrats got outspent in a Republican district.
CONTENT: The most significant driver of out-migration [from Rhode Island] is the estate tax.
CONTENT: Q: What do these Patriotic Americans have in common? A: They are all Draft Dodgers.
CONTENT: The economic impact of new Atlanta Braves stadium includes 9,241 new jobs and $295 million in wages.
CONTENT: Obamacare will question your sex life.
CONTENT: Says we allow more people into America legally than all other countries on the planet combined.
CONTENT: Says the D.C.citycouncilpasseda lawbanninglethalrat trapping.
CONTENT: Report: 3 million votes in presidential election cast by illegal aliens.
CONTENT: Proposed tax changes are a handout to BP.
CONTENT: Says Patrick Murphy was named one of Americas least effective congressmen.
CONTENT: During the Bush administration, liberal groups were targeted by the IRS, similar to recent targeting.
Node: (27, 5)--------------------
CONTENT: Roughly 25% of RI has a criminal record
CONTENT: Says some Planned Parenthood chapters have been selling the body parts of aborted fetuses for profit.
CONTENT: Over half of the young people in medical, dental and law schools are women.
CONTENT: Its warmer on Mars than it is in parts of the United States and Canada during the polar vortex.
CONTENT: Says there were over 600 reports of Texas votes for Donald Trump in the states 2016 Republican primary virtually all getting tallied for Marco Rubio.
CONTENT: Says the City of Portland alone has 84 public relation representatives on payroll which cost taxpayers over $6.2 million (a year).
CONTENT: Thanks to #ObamaCare, average E.R. wait in California is 5 hours.
CONTENT: We have no idea what is contained in [electronic cigarette] vapor.
CONTENT: When Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid were created, Republicans stood on the sidelines
CONTENT: There was a loss of eight million jobs during the Bush eight years.
CONTENT: Each vegan spares more than 100 animals every year.
CONTENT: For every Kentuckian that has enrolled in Obamacare, 40 have been dropped from their coverage.
CONTENT: A majority of Americans since Harry Truman days support single-payer health insurance, or full Medicare for all.
CONTENT: Federal government reneging on Medicaid payments to Wisconsin caused about $240 million in extra costs in the 2013-15 state budget.
CONTENT: 94 percent of those that are employed by the Department of Education at the federal level were deemed by the department as nonessential employees.
CONTENT: The average age of first marijuana use is 12.
CONTENT: Says crime statistics show blacks kill 81 percent of white homicide victims.
CONTENT: Palin had "executive experience" in the PTA.
CONTENT: Welfare programs caused more long-term damage to Detroit than the atomic bomb caused to Hiroshima
CONTENT: For the past year, I was censored and muzzled.
CONTENT: Heroin and prescription opioids are the number one cause of accidental or preventable death in Wisconsin.
Node: (27, 6)--------------------
CONTENT: More businesses went out of business last year than were started for the first time in our history.
CONTENT: Drug overdoses are now the second-most common cause of death in New Hampshire.
CONTENT: Since President Obama took full control of Washington every single day, more than 1,500 of our jobs have been lost.
CONTENT: Says her congressional district has 10,000 medical-device industry jobs and 1,000 will be lost because of health-care law tax.
CONTENT: More people were killed in the United States last year by tainted food than U.S. troops killed in Iraq and Afghanistan since the wars began.
CONTENT: Residents could have received nearly $48M for Local Schools, Fire District, Sheriffs Dept. and Social Services.
CONTENT: Florida has experienced positive job growth for 39 consecutive months.
CONTENT: Says in March New Jersey was one of only eight states in the nation to lose jobs and the state with the highest loss of jobs in the nation.
CONTENT: As a result of Chris Sununus vote against a Planned Parenthood contract, nearly 3,000 fewer women and families statewide accessed health care for birth control, cancer screenings and annual exams.
CONTENT: Says Rick Scott cut education by over a billion dollars, meaning thousands of teachers lost their jobs and class sizes went up.
CONTENT: Wisconsin state lawmakers worked seven days in 2012 but got paid for a whole year.
CONTENT: In Virginias Medicaid program, approximately 30 percent, or $2.7 billion a year, is lost to waste, fraud and inefficiencies.
CONTENT: Rather than prioritize and pass ethics reform measures to restore trust in state government, (Democrats) sat on their hands and did nothing when they were the majority.
Node: (27, 7)--------------------
CONTENT: For the hour after the (Jan. 14) debate, Debra Medina was the No. 1 search on Google and for the remainder of that night No. 3.
CONTENT: Americas gun-related homicide rate would be about the same as Belgiums if you left out California, Illinois, D.C. and New Jersey, places with some of the strictest gun control laws in the U.S.
CONTENT: Last year the (Medicaid Fraud Control Unit) in Virginia alone recovered over $200 million!
CONTENT: The downsizing of Pinellas County government resulted in about 1,200 people being laid off in a 12 percent unemployment market. I can tell you that every one of them was hired from the time that Ms. Latvala went into office in 2000.
CONTENT: Says Mitt Romneys investments created zero jobs.
CONTENT: One of the first states in the union to pass a voter ID bill was Rhode Island, 85 percent Democratic legislature.
CONTENT: A company with 20 employees could go out of business because of health care law requirements to buy insurance.
CONTENT: Says Jeb Bush has released 10 percent of his emails.
CONTENT: Mental health provisions related to mass shootings got over 90 votes in the Senate.
CONTENT: In Florida, 300,000 people are going to lose their individual coverage because of Obamacare. Now those people next year, they dont have health insurance.
CONTENT: Over 81 percent of the babies that are born at LBJ Hospital right here in Houston are born of women who are not here legally.
CONTENT: Says 2010 was the worst year ever for Americas doctors reimbursed by Medicare.
Node: (27, 8)--------------------
CONTENT: Says hes never asked for more than inflationary budget increases in his 10 budgets as Milwaukee County sheriff
CONTENT: Says area near proposed northern Wisconsin iron ore mine is 15 hours away from where public hearing on mining was held.
CONTENT: Early voting remains at 96 hours.
CONTENT: Says that we brought CHI Manufacturing, that had business in China, back to Texas.
CONTENT: We had a massive landslide victory, as you know, in the Electoral College.
CONTENT: On high-speed rail.
CONTENT: Says the media created the term polar vortex and the cold air proves the ice isnt melting.
CONTENT: On timing of announcement for president.
CONTENT: $65 million from ABC privatization will not pay for even an overpass in Tysons Corner.
CONTENT: The 2011 Legislature did not cut Texas public school funding.
CONTENT: The voting public had no say in the Atlanta regions proposed transportation project list.
CONTENT: The man who killed a motorist who fatally struck a 2-year-old was back on the street because he had received a 13-year sentence for bank robbery but only served two years.
CONTENT: Says his 9-9-9 tax reform plan is not regressive.
CONTENT: Says the fertilizer plant that exploded in West, Texas,had not been inspected by the state of Texas since 2006.
CONTENT: Says the Wisconsin Republican Party tweeted Happy International Womens Day! You ladies should get paid less and not be able to make health care decisions.
Node: (27, 9)--------------------
CONTENT: I've traveled the country advocating for the FairTax ...
CONTENT: Say photographs of Hillary Clinton at the debate show what could be an earpiece.
CONTENT: Palin "stopped the Bridge to Nowhere."
CONTENT: Americans "have never paid more for gas at the pump."
CONTENT: It was (Rob Portmans) job to stop Chinas illegal dumping of steel. He failed, looked the other way, did nothing.
CONTENT: People "can't go fishing anymore because of Obama."
CONTENT: I am the only candidate who ran in either primary who said, I will not raise taxes on the middle class.
CONTENT: The stimulus bill "didnt create one new job."
CONTENT: The Clinton Foundation gives less than 10(percent in direct aid). In 2013, they raised 140 million bucks, gave $9 million to people in direct aid.
CONTENT: Theres a mosque inside of the Pentagon.
CONTENT: Bill McCollum diverted a state plane to his home 53 times. A state auditor called it: likely a misuse of state resources.
Node: (27, 10)--------------------
CONTENT: My state of Florida is now the third-largest state. We have surpassed New York in population.
CONTENT: Says Nancy Pelosi said, Waiting long hours in the emergency room will allow you to make new friends!
CONTENT: The American people spoke pretty loudly. They said stop all the looming tax hikes....
CONTENT: President Obama "doesn't ... want to admit we're at war."
CONTENT: For the new state budget, "Floridians have sent us $3 billion less of their funding."
CONTENT: Assault rifles already are banned.
CONTENT: Marco Rubio says Solo Ingles (English only).
CONTENT: On Syria, alot of the allies signed on. At the last minute, Obama backed off.
CONTENT: Texas House Speaker Joe Straus said, I do not care if Wallace Hall swings from a tree.
CONTENT: Says Barack Obama robbed Medicare (of) $716 billion to pay for ... Obamacare.
Node: (27, 11)--------------------
CONTENT: What is the proper collective noun for a group of baboons? Believe it or not . . . a Congress!
CONTENT: The fundraising numbers are in, and our grassroots support is unmatched!
CONTENT: Over 200 years ago, the United States had declared war on Islam, and Thomas Jefferson led the charge!
CONTENT: Our National Guard, as we saw in the Midwest flooding, can't function as effectively as it could. I was talking to National Guard representatives. Fifteen of their 17 helicopters in this region were overseas during the flooding.
CONTENT: U.S. Rep. Allen West wants to bring back earmarks.
CONTENT: Warren Buffett recently said Scrap Obamacare and Start All Over.
CONTENT: How do Jeb Bush and Donald Trump differ on immigration? Spoiler alert: They dont.
CONTENT: Dolphins are rapists. Look it up.
CONTENT: Charges on the Republican Party of Florida credit card were made with my money.
CONTENT: Democrat Russ Feingold announced his Wisconsin Senate run today fromCalifornia.
CONTENT: I recently had the opportunity to vote to give the president limited authority to begin strikes against terrorists in Iraq and Syria.
CONTENT: In September, the Department of Business and Consumer Services enacted a sudden 39% workers compensation premium assessment by rule with little notice to the public.
CONTENT: The birther movement was started by Hillary Clinton in 2008. She was all in!
CONTENT: SaysPatrick Murphys Pay More energy agenda means you could pay another $500 a year for your utility bills!
CONTENT: President Obama was saying success is the result of government, not hard-working people, when he said, If youve got a business, you didnt build that. Somebody else made that happen.
Node: (27, 12)--------------------
CONTENT: If Fox News presidential debate rules had been in place during the1992 election,Bill Clinton wouldnt have beenon the stage.
CONTENT: During the 2005 fight over Social Security, there were noisy demonstrations but they were outside the events, and opponents were not disruptive crowds booed lines they didnt like, but that was about it.
CONTENT: This year President Obama canceled the 21st annual National Day of Prayer ceremony at the White House under the ruse of not wanting to offend anyone.BUT on September 25, 2009 from 4 AM until 7 PM, a National Day of Prayer FOR THE MUSLIM RELIGION was HELD on Capitol Hill, Beside the White House.
CONTENT: GEORGIA ROADWAY FATALITIES THIS YEAR: 59 PLEASE DRIVE SAFELY
CONTENT: The 2009 stimulus bill failed to get people back to work.
CONTENT: Says professional football coach Rex Ryan won championships in New York.The AFC, I think, twice.
CONTENT: President Obama came to Ohio 12 times to try to defeat me and guess what? He didnt win.
CONTENT: Says the first word spoken from the moon was Houston.
CONTENT: The vast majority of the money I got was from small donors all across the country.''	campaign-finance	barack-obama	President	Illinois	democrat	70	71	160	163	9	an interview with CNBC's John Harwood 
5802.json	true	The Democrat-controlled Senate, it hasnt passed a budget in more than 1,000 days.	deficit,federal-budget,job-accomplishments	john-boehner	Speaker of the House of Representatives	Ohio	republican	13	22	11	4	2	a video address
6153.json	true	The median income in America has dropped by 10 percent in the last four years.	economy,income,jobs	mitt-romney	Former governor	Massachusetts	republican	34	32	58	33	19	a speech
6515.json	false	Says U.S. Senate hopeful Tammy Baldwin voted for a $1 trillion stimulus bill that included a wasteful $800,000 to replace light bulbs.	energy,federal-budget,stimulus	crossroads-gps	Conservative advocacy group		republican	9	1	4	1	2	a television ad
385.json	true	Says Clinton did not read the National Intelligence Estimate before voting for the Iraq war.	iraq	barack-obama	President	Illinois	democrat	70	71	160	163	9	a speech in Westerville, Ohio
10932.json	false	Thanks to the Act 10 collective bargaining law that took effect four years ago, ACT scores in Wisconsin are now second-best in the country for states where more than half the kids take the exam.	education,government-regulation,job-accomplishments,labor,unions	scott-walker	Milwaukee County Executive	Wisconsin	republican	26	41	32	40	11	a speech
5076.json	true	Our income, our GDP per capita, is almost 50 percent higher than (it is for) the average European.	economy	mitt-romney	Former governor	Massachusetts	republican	34	32	58	33	19	an editorial board meeting with an Iowa newspaper
12189.json	true	Says Rick Scott cut Medicaid so people cant get Obamacare.	health-care,medicaid	rick-scotts-starbucks-heckler	Activist, stay-at-home mom	Florida	activist	0	0	2	0	0	a confrontation with Rick Scott at Starbucks
945.json	true	The stimulus bill includes $8 billion for high-speed rail projects, such as a 'magnetic levitation' line from Las Vegas to Disneyland."
CONTENT: Surface temperatures on Earth have stabilized.
Node: (27, 13)--------------------
CONTENT: After how hard you work and how much you pay in taxes, New York City ends up getting the money. Im Chris Jacobs. I think its time we have someone in Albany thats making sure our region gets our fair share
CONTENT: When SACS came back to the DeKalb County School District to give a midterm review, we got straight As.
CONTENT: Premeditation, in murder cases like the Oscar Pistorius case, can be formed in the twinkling of an eye.
CONTENT: After the 9/11 terrorist attacks grounded commercial air traffic, there was a temperature drop while the airplanes werent flying, for the week afterwards.
CONTENT: This Congressadjourned earliest of any time in congressional history before an election.
CONTENT: When news broke that Ferguson 18-year-old Michael Brown was a suspect in a robbery, MSNBC practically went off the air for a while to have behind-closed-doors meetings to figure out how to deal with this new revelation.
CONTENT: When (Barack Obama) took office, 2.3 million people were out of work. Five-plus years later, we have 5 million-plus out of work.
CONTENT: We didnt have a development director for over seven months.
CONTENT: George Allen had 40,000 earmarks while he was a senator.
CONTENT: 20 percent of the time (smart guns) wont work.
CONTENT: Sixty-one percent of our bridges are in trouble.
CONTENT: Says Common Core is a federal mandate.
Node: (27, 14)--------------------
CONTENT: Over 60 percent of the provisional ballots cast in [the 2012] election were disqualified because those folks were not duly registered as voters.
CONTENT: Alaskas Prince William Sound is pristine now.
CONTENT: Says he didnt have an involvement withnutritional supplement company Mannatech.
CONTENT: On the day the House voted on the climate change bill, there was not even a copy of the bill in the well of the House, which is standard. It wasnt even written.
CONTENT: Common Core means there are over 300 data elements the government is going to be collecting about your children and about you.
Node: (27, 16)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Texas ranks 44th nationally in education funding per pupil.
CONTENT: Says the average government worker wont be impacted in the first two years under the reform of state health benefits.
CONTENT: Providence graduation rates are up.
Node: (27, 17)--------------------
CONTENT: Says Texas ranks 49th nationally in what we are doing to support our per-pupil investment in education in the state.
CONTENT: Our unemployment rate has been higher than 8 percent for more than two-and-a-half years, far above what the Obama Administration promised with the stimulus.
CONTENT: Says New Jersey has the highest unemployment rate in the region and stagnant job growth.
Node: (27, 18)--------------------
CONTENT: According to the most recent report, Wisconsins high school graduation rates are also up again -- to third best in the country.
CONTENT: The median income in this country has declined 10 percent in the last four years.
CONTENT: Hispanic unemployment has been ticking down from an all-time high of 13.9 percent because of the policies weve implemented.
CONTENT: Mayor Tom Barretts policies drove unemployment up 27 percent in Milwaukee, pushing it to one of Americas 10 worst cities for unemployment.
CONTENT: Despite touting the economic stimulus as a great triumph, "The very same report, however, notes that unemployment will average 10 percent for the rest of the year."
Node: (27, 19)--------------------
CONTENT: Under New York Mayor Bill de Blasio, homicides are up by 20 percent, and subway delays have soared 45 percent.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clintons top 10 donors are mainly banks, corporations and media, while Bernie Sanders top 10 donors are labor unions.
CONTENT: Virginia ranked 35th in job creation in 2009 under Gov. Tim Kaine, and moved up to third for 2010, while McDonnell has been in office.
CONTENT: The cost to implement Florida's class size amendment so far has been "$16 billion."
CONTENT: Georgia is now the eighth most populous state in the nation, moving from the number 10 position in just four years.
CONTENT: If upstate New York split from downstate the economic indicators of upstate New York would be among the lowest in the country.
CONTENT: In Rhode Island, a recent study showed that among a group of people who had been homeless for a year or more, Medicaid costs averaged about $60,000 per person.
CONTENT: When Mitt Romney was governor, Massachusetts ranked 47th out of 50 states in job creation.
CONTENT: Between 1980 and 2010, water usage in Georgia dropped even as the states population grew.
CONTENT: In the period from 2007 to 2011, the Office of Health Insurance Commissioner reported an 18 percent decline in the states total medical spending.
Node: (27, 20)--------------------
CONTENT: U.S. taxpayers are being forced to fund Feisal Abdul Raufs trip to the Middle East.
CONTENT: Firearms homicides are down about 40 percent since Texas passed concealed-gun permit law.
CONTENT: In Harrisburg, I passed more bills than all the Democrats combined, in terms of legislation affecting the city.
CONTENT: Since President Obama took office, gas prices have gone up 67 percent.
CONTENT: California has added twice as many jobs as Florida over the past year.
CONTENT: Under Gov. Kasich, Ohio wages have increased by $10.3 billion.
CONTENT: Since Oregons prescription-only law took effect, meth lab incidents have dropped by 96 percent and meth-related arrests by 32 percent.
CONTENT: Since February 2009, our economy has lost roughly 3 million private sector jobs while the federal government has grown by more than 400,000 jobs.
CONTENT: The deal to raise the federal debt limit created the largest debt ceiling increase in Americas history.
Node: (27, 21)--------------------
CONTENT: If you look at what weve done over the last several years, the crime rate has actually gone down in [Providence] and . . . the number of shootings has been going down.
CONTENT: The only segment in the beer market that is growing is the craft beer segment.
CONTENT: The Arab Spring drove up gas prices.
CONTENT: Inequality in Texas is steadily getting worse, with very few rich people, a great many poor people, and fewer and fewer in the middle.
CONTENT: Texas is growing twice as fast as the rest of the country.
CONTENT: In total, we have added nearly 75,000 private sector jobs in New Jersey since we took office in January 2010.
CONTENT: Spending increases, not tax cuts, are the major cause of the federal budget deficit.
CONTENT: Georgia lawmakers are now considering passing the most extreme gun bill in America.
CONTENT: Most Americans are now getting their news from Facebook.
CONTENT: Our companies are moving into Mexico more than almost any other place right now.
CONTENT: The president won the youth vote 3 to1, but his numbers have dropped 20, 30 percent among the youth.
Node: (27, 22)--------------------
CONTENT: There are already more American jobs in the solar industry than in coal mining.
CONTENT: A vast majority of the production in the United States comes from small independent oil and gas companies.
CONTENT: Not only is there no scientific evidence that CO2 is a pollutant, higher CO2 concentrations actually help ecosystems support more plant and animal life.
CONTENT: One state even spent a million bucks to put up signs that advertise that they were spending on the federal stimulus projects.
CONTENT: Says over 50 percent of U.S. job growth in June came from Wisconsin.
CONTENT: In the last seven years of my tenure, Texas created 1.5 million new jobs. As a matter of fact, without Texas, America would have lost 400,000 jobs.
Node: (27, 23)--------------------
CONTENT: A lot of what (Cubas) survival depends on is Venezuelan oil money, which is drying up.
CONTENT: Over 80 percent of our trade deficit today is with countries that are not trade agreement partners, that are not level playing fields for the United States.
CONTENT: Based on the August 2012 national jobs numbers, for every person who got a job, nearly four people stopped looking for a job.
CONTENT: Says 94 percent of Wisconsin employers think the state is heading in the right direction and a majority say they will grow their companies in 2012.
CONTENT: Today in Selma, Ala., the poverty rate is roughly nine times that of whites.
CONTENT: For people with insurance, the only impact of the health care law is that their insurance is stronger, better and more secure than it was before. Full stop. Thats it. They dont have to worry about anything else.
CONTENT: Study after study have shown that sanctuary cities do not lead to an increase in crime because of the presence of people that are undocumented.
CONTENT: 1.53 million jobs are at risk (from potential defense cuts).
CONTENT: Christmas trees are grown in all 50 States.
Node: (27, 24)--------------------
CONTENT: Says taking millionaires off food stamps and unemployment would save $20 million.
CONTENT: Only 18 percent of jobs are accessible by transit for metro Atlanta residents. 33 percent for those living in the city.
CONTENT: Twenty percent of our electricity currently comes from nuclear power plants. I think there are 104 in the United States, two of them around the coast in California.
CONTENT: The annual gross domestic product of metro Atlanta is bigger than 28 states in the union.
CONTENT: The richest 1 percent of America will get a bigger tax cut through this bill than the family income of the average family here in Central Texas.
CONTENT: In New York, your chances of getting murdered are 1 in 25,000. In Honduras, its 1 in 14.
CONTENT: According to one study, the minimum wage today is worth $2 less than in 1968.
CONTENT: The ratio of people working for the government and working in manufacturing today is an almost exact reversal of the situation in 1960.
Node: (27, 25)--------------------
CONTENT: For the average middle-class family, your taxes today are lower than when I took office.
CONTENT: With the tax controls we already put in place, property taxes on a typical home in December of 2014 will actually be lower than they were in December of 2010.
CONTENT: The top 1 percent in recent years has earned 85 percent of all new income.
CONTENT: Our median household income in 2013 was the highest in the nation.
CONTENT: Says food stamp growth, while high, lagged the rise in unemployment.
CONTENT: Says that data from the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities suggest that the Texas budget gap is worse than New Yorks, about as bad as Californias, but not quite up to New Jersey levels.
CONTENT: U.S. unemployment among people ages 16 to 24 is 18.4 percent, which is a 60-year high.
CONTENT: In Cuyahoga County ... 56 percent of weekend voters in 2008 were African American while adult African Americans comprise 28 percent of the county population.
CONTENT: The cost of fire in Rhode Island is anywhere from 33 percent to 100 percent more expensive than anywhere else we could find.
CONTENT: Its a good sign for Obamacare that in California, the proportion of kids who are signing up is the proportion of kids in the population.
Node: (27, 26)--------------------
CONTENT: Wisconsin is dead last in income growth among midwestern states during Gov. Scott Walkers term.
CONTENT: Says New Jersey is 50th in return of our federal tax dollars.
CONTENT: Wisconsin is #1 in the Midwest for personal income growth over the year.
CONTENT: Productivity has risen 18 percent ...yet wages have stayed flat... There are 5-million more people in poverty here in our country than there were in 2000.
CONTENT: Says Milwaukee blacks have 55 percent male unemployment, 60 percent truancy, a 50 percent graduation rate, the worst reading scores and lead in infant mortality.
CONTENT: The startup rate of Hispanic businesses is three times the national rate.
CONTENT: Wisconsin is below the national average in wage growth and job growth.
CONTENT: Income inequality is worse in towns run by Democrat mayors than in towns run by Republican mayors.
CONTENT: Income inequality seems to be worst in cities run by Democrats.
CONTENT: The United States ranks second worst in income inequality across developed countries, after taxes and transfers.
CONTENT: Since I took office, Wisconsin ranks 11th in the nation in total business establishment growth compared to 47th in the years Mary Burke was Commerce secretary.
CONTENT: Oregons per capita income is 9 percent below the national average and getting worse. This is a state thats actually getting poorer.
Node: (27, 27)--------------------
CONTENT: Salaries for URI faculty are second to last among New England land grant universities and in lowest 20 percent of major U.S. research institutions
CONTENT: Massachusetts schools are ranked No. 1 of all 50 states.
CONTENT: Californias credit rating is the worst in the country.
CONTENT: Hispanic students in Florida perform the best of any Hispanic population in the United States.
CONTENT: We have one of the highest percentages per capita of nonprofits in this state of any state in the union.
CONTENT: The richest 1 percent have more financial wealth than the bottom 95 percent combined.
CONTENT: Wisconsin is 38th in the country in terms of proficiency standards in student testing.
CONTENT: My debt to GDP was the lowest or one of the lowest of modern presidents. My taxes to GDP was the lowest and my spending to GDP was too.
CONTENT: Says Oregon ranks 43rd in education.
CONTENT: New Jersey has the highest property taxes in the nation and not by a little. They are the highest property taxes in the nation, more than double the national average.
CONTENT: Says private-sector job growth in 2011 places New Jersey in the top third among all of the states.
CONTENT: Cuba has a lower child mortality rate than ours. Their life expectancy is now greater than ours.
CONTENT: Rhode Islands legislature is the strongest in the country.
CONTENT: Says Texas ranks first in executions among the states.
CONTENT: Says Texas ranks first among the states in the amount of carbon dioxide emitted and toxic chemicals released into water.
CONTENT: We have an 80 percent graduation rate in high school after spending more per student than any country in the world other than Liechtenstein, I think, or Luxembourg and a couple other small countries.
CONTENT: Florida "has the second-highest foreclosure rate in the nation."
CONTENT: Georgia has "a dropout rate thats higher" than Alabama's.
CONTENT: Florida is 49th in per capita spending on mental health care.
CONTENT: Florida ranks 45th in the nation for tuition.
Node: (27, 28)--------------------
CONTENT: Since the United States began negotiations with Iran, thats probably the first year and a half in which Iran has not advanced its nuclear program in the last decade.
CONTENT: Travis County now has the highest urban county tax rate in Texas.
CONTENT: Did you know Wisconsins AFSCME union has lost 50%+ of its members since no longer requiring membership?
CONTENT: The debt ceiling deal will result in the lowest level of annual domestic spending since Dwight Eisenhower was president.
CONTENT: Ohios lost more jobs in March than any other state in the nation.
CONTENT: The entire state of Florida led the nation last year with the most prison inmates committing tax fraud.
CONTENT: Pennsylvania has lost 35 percent of its manufacturing jobs since 2001 and Harrisburg has lost 40 percent of its manufacturing jobs since 2001.
CONTENT: Florida ranks last in the ratio of employees to residents...And Florida is dead last in the nation in state employee payroll expenditures per resident.
Node: (27, 29)--------------------
CONTENT: The Chicago Bears have had more starting quarterbacks in the last 10 years than the total number of tenured (UW) faculty fired during the last two decades.
CONTENT: We created 800,000 new jobs, we cut the unemployment rate almost in half and today New York State has more private sector jobs than it has ever had in its history
CONTENT: We have 50 state lobbyists that just lobby the Legislature for money every year.
CONTENT: Says the Texas House has a record number of new members joining our ranks.
CONTENT: Seventy of Ohios 88 counties now have more than 25 percent of their residents eligible for emergency food.
CONTENT: Nationwide tuition at public universities is up almost 300 percent ... in the last 20 years.
CONTENT: Six of Georgias counties have no lawyers at all.
CONTENT: Chesterfield has eliminated more positions from its general government operations than the Commonwealth has from the entire state government since (fiscal) 2009.
CONTENT: New Jersey today has fewer employees in state government than it had when Christie Whitman left office in January of 2001, and I think thats good. And we did it without any layoffs. We did it through attrition.
CONTENT: Puerto Ricos $70 billion debt is unsustainable and it is unpayable. And the reason why it is unsustainable has everything to do with the greed of Wall Street vulture funds.
CONTENT: The city of Portland has won more national Constitution contests than any city in America.
CONTENT: DeKalb County has cut more money from its general fund budget than any local government in the Atlanta metro region.
CONTENT: The merger of Georgia State University and Georgia Perimeter College will make GSU one of the largest universities in the nation, with more than 54,000 students.
CONTENT: Says President Barack Obama has lost more members of the House and more members of the Senate than any president ever has lost in modern times.
CONTENT: Today, there are more Hoosiers going to work than ever before in the 200-year history of the great state of Indiana.
CONTENT: The United States is about to have the smallest Army since before WWII, the smallest Navy since WWI and the smallest Air Force ever.
CONTENT: There are more members of the U.S. Senate than the number of WI families who would benefit from GOP estate tax break.
CONTENT: National debt plus unfunded liabilities adds up to $520,000 per American household.
CONTENT: Weve seen more anti-womens choice bills introduced in the first half of this session than weve seen in the last three General Assemblies.
CONTENT: If the government shuts down, all military personnel will continue to serve and accrue pay but will not actually be paid until appropriations are available.
CONTENT: Georgia has had the nations busiest Court of Appeals for a decade or more.
CONTENT: The 2015 Legislature passed the fewest laws in 20 years.
CONTENT: When Mitt Romney was governor, Massachusetts ... (had) more debt per person than any other state in the country.
CONTENT: Says Ohio has 77 job training programs spread across 13 state agencies.
CONTENT: Sen. Rubio has the worst vote attendance record of any Florida senator in nearly 50 years.
CONTENT: Today, you have six financial institutions, the largest six, that have assets that are the equivalent of 60 percent of the GDP of the United States of America.
CONTENT: Texas spends more per day to house an inmate than we do on a student.
Node: (28, 0)--------------------
CONTENT: The wives of the 9/11 hijackers knew exactly what was happening and went back to Saudi Arabia two days before the attacks to watch their husbands on television flying the planes.
CONTENT: Data on violent crime shows Wisconsin has become less safe than it was when Scott Walker took office.
CONTENT: Attempts to find things like, crime, criminal activity, indictment, have been filtered out by Google in favor of Hillary Clinton.
CONTENT: As we near the 10th anniversary of the 9/11 terrorist attacks, we should not forget that some of the hijackers used New Jersey drivers licenses to board those aircraft.
CONTENT: A recent economic uptick appears to coincide with the expectation of a new Republican Congress.
CONTENT: Commerce Secretary nominee John Bryson appears to endorse world government.
CONTENT: Statistics show you are about nine times more likely to be assaulted by a taxi driver in Austin than a driver for a ride-hailing service.
CONTENT: A substantial number of probationers participating in a pilot project to ease the farm labor shortage are able to finish the work.
CONTENT: He has ushered in $3 billion in new investment.
CONTENT: Says Gov. Scott Walker is cooking the books by releasing numbers he just dreamed up that show Wisconsin gained jobs in 2011.
CONTENT: We have 93 million people out of work. They look for jobs, they give up, and all of a sudden, statistically, theyre considered employed.
CONTENT: The Climatic Research Unit e-mails show that the science behind climate change has been pretty well debunked.
CONTENT: Says Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker in his budget repair bill is showing that no stone goes unturned as he asks everyone to tighten their belts.
CONTENT: Sen. Clinton said "the surge of troops in Iraq was 'working.' Now.... Sen. Clinton says the surge 'has failed' and that we should 'begin the immediate withdrawal of U.S. troops.'"
CONTENT: The non-partisan Congressional Budget Office concluded ObamaCare will cost the U.S. more than 800,000 jobs.
CONTENT: Says an unchecked Democratic Majority in Trenton is responsible for years of diversions from the states unemployment insurance trust fund.
CONTENT: The stories from women saying he groped or forced himself on them largely have been debunked.
CONTENT: Documents released from the Soviet Union show the Soviet Union started treating President Ronald Reagan more seriously after Reagan fired the air traffic controllers.
CONTENT: The latest unemployment numbers have shown that nearly 315,000 Americans have simply given up hope when it comes to finding a job.
CONTENT: Solar panels drain the suns energy.
CONTENT: Says Rep.Mike Coffman istheone who said he would support Trump.
CONTENT: Public sentiment in favor of collective bargaining and in favor of the unions has actually gone up as these governors, I think, have overreached and gone too far and tried to destroy the labor movement.
CONTENT: Whats clear is (Romney) likes firing people.
Node: (28, 1)--------------------
CONTENT: Its gotten to a point where the average federal worker makes twice as much as the average private sector worker.
CONTENT: Says 11 soccer players on the U.S. Mens National Team are immigrants.
CONTENT: Says a new report proves the stimulus supported by N.J. Democrats cost $278,000 per job.
CONTENT: Says the Department of Homeland Security has ordered enough rounds of .40 caliber ammunition to kill every man, woman and child in the United States, possibly to combat massive civil unrest or an invasion by a foreign power.
CONTENT: FACT: Nothing in #Obamacare forces people out of their health plans.
CONTENT: Tampa Bay isleading the state in jobs creation.
CONTENT: President Obama pledged to go through the budget 'line by line,' but on his watch, non-defense spending has spiraled out of control, increasing by 67 percent in the last year alone.
CONTENT: As has been noted by many observers, including Bill Clinton's former secretary of labor, my plan does more than anybody to reduce costs.
CONTENT: Unemployment has been on the rise throughout Wisconsin as Paul Ryan stepped up his advocacy of immigration increases.
CONTENT: Says Barack Obama began his presidency going on a worldwide apology tour.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clinton has been a champion of globalist trade agreements. ... Worst of all, they are now pushing the disastrous 5,000-page Obamatrade the Trans-Pacific Partnership agreement.
CONTENT: The most realistic estimates for jobs created by Keystone XL are maybe 2,000 jobs during the construction of the pipeline.
CONTENT: Greg Abbott did nothing to pursue reports of the sexual abuse of boys at a West Texas state-run school.
CONTENT: Says the Southwest Florida Water Management District has $850 million in reserves, enough money in savings to run without levying taxes for more than two years.
CONTENT: Says Wisconsin Supreme Court Justice David Prosser has prejudged matters that are likely to come before the court.
CONTENT: Our African-American communities are absolutely in the worst shape theyve ever been in before. Ever. Ever. Ever.
Node: (28, 2)--------------------
CONTENT: Says that since lawmakers acted, we have 130 new businesses across Texas doing helicopter hog hunts.
CONTENT: With 320,000 net Ohio manufacturing jobs lost, (Sen. Rob) Portman calls NAFTA a proven success.
CONTENT: Phoenix, Arizona, Im told, is now the No. 2 kidnapping capital in the world, right behind Mexico City.
CONTENT: The city building code violations on my properties only involve exterior issues; within the households, its fine.
CONTENT: Says Obama puts 15 unelected, unaccountable bureaucrats in charge of Medicare, who are required to cut Medicare ... that will lead to denied care for current seniors.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clinton makes more per hour at a speaking gig than the average CEO does in a year.
CONTENT: My plan actually gives the middle class the greatest break: $2,000 per family.
CONTENT: Health care mandate will require imprisonment and fines for Americans who cant afford to purchase insurance or pay hefty government penalties.
CONTENT: There is a very identifiable Somali community back home in Delaware.
CONTENT: The $290 million structural surplus in the 2011-13 Wisconsin budget is not real because it is based on the assumption that Congress will reinstate the estate tax.
CONTENT: The largest low-wage employer is not McDonalds or Walmart but the U.S. government.
CONTENT: After President Barack Obamas health care law takes full effect, 100 percent of Americans will depend on some form of federal payment, some form of government benefit to help provide for them.
Node: (28, 3)--------------------
CONTENT: The Mitchell Park Domes lose about $1 million-plus every year and the number of people going to the Domes has been going down.
CONTENT: Should Democrats get their way, every income tax bracket will increase on Jan. 1, 2011. Every single one.
CONTENT: Two million federal workers negotiate zippo, zero. There is no collective bargaining for federal employees.
CONTENT: Says Bernie Sanders health care plan would empower Republicangovernors to take away Medicaid,to take away health insurance for low-income and middle-income working Americans.
CONTENT: Over the last 40 years, real wage growth has been flatlined because of the policies of the Federal Reserve ... It was all driven by the Federal Reserve.
CONTENT: Says that under City Council Member Randi Shade, Austin had the highest city debt per person in Texas.
CONTENT: Dan Gelbers employment by BPs law firm could disqualify him from representing Florida against BP as Attorney General.
CONTENT: Wisconsin is broke, and state government is $3 billion in debt.
CONTENT: Say Texas U.S. Reps. Eddie Bernice Johnson and Sheila Jackson Lee are among open Socialists in Congress.
CONTENT: Rep. Jim Renaccis plan to end Medicare also puts nursing home care for 3,000 seniors in the district in immediate jeopardy.
CONTENT: Langevin has been the most reliable vote for Speaker Pelosi.
CONTENT: There is currently no ability to vet these people, referring to Syrian refugees.
CONTENT: The financial regulatory bill will kill jobs.
CONTENT: A real result of his term is Georgia having the lowest taxes per capita of any state.
Node: (28, 4)--------------------
CONTENT: The most likely triggering cause of (microcephaly) is the DTaP shot, a vaccine that had been recently mandated by the Brazilian government to be injected into pregnant women.
CONTENT: Says U.N. arms treaty will mandate a new international gun registry.
CONTENT: The cap-and-trade bill will mean 2 million jobs lost.
CONTENT: The only growth sector that weve had in the last two years in America is government growth.
CONTENT: The health care law is job killing.
CONTENT: Says his tax and fee cuts will save households $540 over two years.
CONTENT: I cast the deciding vote extending Medicaid health care coverage to 50,000 of our fellow citizens,
CONTENT: Weve had examples like in Yuma County, where weve been able to stop 97 percent of the illegal (immigration) flow, and those programs, they abolish.
CONTENT: I have sent over $400 million to the border of Mexico in the form of Texas Ranger recon teams.
CONTENT: Bike lanes and sidewalks have been proven to reduce crashes by up to 38 percent on Austins streets.
Node: (28, 5)--------------------
CONTENT: A precinct in the Allen West-Patrick Murphy recount has 7 registered voters in Guatemalan community and the tally showed 900 voted!!!!!
CONTENT: Says abortion doctors are flying into this state, performing abortions and flying out.
CONTENT: Romneycare has killed 18,000 Massachusetts jobs.
CONTENT: Since January 2008 the private sector has lost nearly 8 million jobs while local, state and federal governments added 590,000.
CONTENT: Since 1999, 440 people have been killed in attacks on church property in the United States.
CONTENT: There are more people killed with baseball bats and hammers than are killed with guns.
CONTENT: Says Gov. Rick Scott cut more government jobs than were created in the private sector in Florida in 2012.
CONTENT: Says federal health care overhaul will cost Texas state government upwards of $30 billion over the next 10 years.
CONTENT: Says HillaryClintons immigration platform would create totally open borders.
CONTENT: The projected revenue from the Mayweather/Pacquiao fight is larger than the annual GDP of 29 different countries.
CONTENT: The elimination of essentially every automobile would be offset by one volcano exploding.
CONTENT: There are 30,000 people that have been killed with seat belts.
CONTENT: Says Barack Obama knew half of the population of the United States would lose their health insurance.
CONTENT: Minnesotas advantage in economic growth has been having Republicans in charge of at least one part of government for all but two years, while Wisconsin Democrats for many years before 2011 controlled both legislative chambers and the governorship.
CONTENT: Regulations have quadrupled. The rate of regulations quadrupled under this president.
CONTENT: More than 3,000 homicides were committed by illegal aliens over the past six years.
Node: (28, 6)--------------------
CONTENT: There were more people on welfare than working in 2013.
CONTENT: Despite keeping distance from national media interviewers, I did local press all along, the last three months.
CONTENT: 92 percent of the jobs lost during Barack Obamas first term belonged to women.
CONTENT: Every one of the 67 supervisors of elections in Florida refused to carry out the effort to remove noncitizens from the voter rolls.
CONTENT: I lost my health insurance and my doctor because of Obamacare.
CONTENT: Despite opposition from national Club for Growth, Club for Growth Wisconsin has endorsed him for U.S. Senate.
CONTENT: The stimulus created zero jobs.
CONTENT: 14 percent of noncitizens are registered to vote.
CONTENT: State employees will have to pay 100 percent of their pensions and health insurance after 2012.
CONTENT: We had the biggest drop of the rate of unemployment (in)all but 4 states.
CONTENT: Louisiana Sen. Mary Landrieu received almost $1.8 million from BP over the last decade.
CONTENT: Almost 95 percent of all (Planned Parenthood) pregnancy services were abortions.
CONTENT: In June, jobless ranks were higher in nearly 90 percent of U.S. cities.
CONTENT: The labor participation rate is at an all-time low.
CONTENT: The Democratic majority led the 111th Congress to spend more money in two years than the first 100 congresses before them combined.
CONTENT: After Texas defunded Planned Parenthood, both the unintended pregnancy and abortion rates dropped.
CONTENT: Governors proposed budget raids K-12 school funds to grow DHS again.
CONTENT: When I took office in 2003, we had very little reserves.
CONTENT: Says he created more than 500 American jobs.
Node: (28, 7)--------------------
CONTENT: Mary Burkes record: 130,000 fewer jobs.
CONTENT: When I was growing up as a kid in the city of Milwaukee, if we averaged 4 homicides a year in the entire city that was a record number.
CONTENT: The overwhelming number of school districts reported their staff stayed the same or grew after the 2011-13 state budget
CONTENT: This type of mass violence does not happen in other advanced countries. It doesnt happen in other places with this kind of frequency.
CONTENT: Eighty percent of the oil were discovering, were discovering in the deep Gulf of Mexico.
CONTENT: Says for the duration of this recession not a single person in government middle management has lost (a) job or taken a pay cut.
CONTENT: From 2000 to 2008, we averaged about five mass shootings a year. Were now averaging 15. So thats a three-fold increase.
CONTENT: The first round of stimulus ... it created zero jobs.
CONTENT: GDP was zero essentially for the last two quarters.
CONTENT: 20 million people could lose their current coverage including our senior citizens who are on Medicare.
CONTENT: Says we had to cut 13 billion dollars in state spending over two years.
Node: (28, 8)--------------------
CONTENT: Were the worst state in the country at moving people from welfare to work.
CONTENT: Says as GOP was picking a convention city, I recommended Ohio.
CONTENT: The fact is 90-percent of Down Syndrome children were aborted in this country.
CONTENT: I have never asked for a single earmark, pork barrel project for my state of Arizona.
CONTENT: I campaigned on (the proposals in the budget repair bill for Wisconsin) all throughout the election. Anybody who says they are shocked on this has been asleep for the past two years.
CONTENT: If I had not asked for my emails all to be made public, none of this would have been in the public arena.
CONTENT: More people in this country have seen UFOs than I think approve of George Bush's presidency.
CONTENT: Look, the earmarks have come down significantly, 75 percent.
Node: (28, 9)--------------------
CONTENT: President Barack Obama took exactly none of his own deficit reduction commissions ideas. Not one.
CONTENT: Says he never said he would keep education funding the same.
CONTENT: We actually have not required in this law that you carry health insurance.
CONTENT: Says President Bill Clinton did not sign NAFTA.
CONTENT: Says when I voted against [an increase in the minimum wage], it was in the 80s.
CONTENT: Says that he did not exactly say that communities have the right to ban mosques.
CONTENT: A lot of the move to free the slaves ... did not come from the federal government. It came from a growing movement among the people, particularly people of faith.
CONTENT: We have asked public employees to pay 10 percent of the costs of their guaranteed pension and 15 percent of the cost of their health care. ... The leadership of those public employees unions dont want to pay anything.
CONTENT: This president ... could have gotten crippling sanctions against Iran. He did not.
Node: (28, 10)--------------------
CONTENT: Says HB2 hasnt moved the needle one iota on North Carolinas economy.
CONTENT: I have had to fill out FEC reports for the past six years now, and theyre much more detailed than a tax return...
CONTENT: Go look at a Trump product. Theyre all made in China.
CONTENT: I have askedtheDivision of Emergency Management toreport directly to me.
CONTENT: In most Muslim countries, We cant have a church. Were not able to build synagogues. Its forbidden.
CONTENT: You cant pass a budget in the Senate of the United States without 60 votes.
CONTENT: The @nytimes states today that DJT believes more countries should acquire nuclear weapons. How dishonest are they. I never said this!
CONTENT: Ive either balanced every budget or we turned back a surplus.
CONTENT: ICE just endorsed me.
CONTENT: Dont believe those phony numbers when you hear 4.9 and 5 percent unemployment. The numbers probably 28, 29, as high as 35. In fact, I even heard recently 42 percent.
CONTENT: You cant read a speech by George Washington . . . without hearing him reference God, the Almighty.
CONTENT: Says Did you know that if you accepted the Districts proposal today you would have NO pay increase for 4 years? Seven years of frozen wages = Disrespect.
CONTENT: Barack Obama hasn't passed any (bills).
CONTENT: If I have affordable coverage in my workplace, Im not eligible to go into the marketplace. ... Its illegal.
Node: (28, 11)--------------------
CONTENT: Most tips left at Dunkin Donuts dont go to employees.
CONTENT: Says Will Hurd said a border-long U.S.-Mexico wall absolutely makes sense.
CONTENT: We dont need a separate (prescription drug) database ... Pharmacies already have a database in place.
CONTENT: Our real unemployment is anywhere from 18 to 20 percent. Dont believe the 5.6. Dont believe it.
CONTENT: One of the things I would immediately do is bring back the warrior class -- Petraeus, McChrystal, Mattis, Keane, Flynn. ... Every one was retired early because they told President Obama things that he didnt want to hear.
CONTENT: There are places in America that are among the most dangerous in the world. You go to places like Oakland. Or Ferguson. The crime numbers are worse. Seriously.
CONTENT: We werent told they wanted more security for diplomatic facilities in Libya.
CONTENT: I released the most extensive financial review of anybody in the history of politics. You dont learn much in a tax return.
CONTENT: Twitter, Google and Facebook are burying the FBI criminal investigation of Clinton. Very dishonest media!
CONTENT: Today roughly half of born-again Christians arent voting. Theyre staying home.
CONTENT: Youre supposed to throw away your shoes ifmercury from a broken CFL light bulb gets on them.
CONTENT: Solyndrahad robots that whistled Disney songs. Im not kidding.
CONTENT: You dont have to be as smart as a fifth-grader to know what causes the climate is the sun. The sun. I have people tell me, Carbon dioxide warms the Earth. No, it doesnt. The sun warms the Earth.
Node: (28, 12)--------------------
CONTENT: Im the only one whos fought against developers draining the Everglades!
CONTENT: Gov. Scott Walker bought 80 new, brand-new vehicles for the state that we probably dont need.
CONTENT: If Cory Gardner gets his way, youd better stock up on condoms.
CONTENT: If you took every penny of the 1 percent, including their dog, you wouldnt even begin to balance the budget.
CONTENT: When [Mitt Romney] was the governor of Massachusetts, he performed 100 and Im not sure this number is right, but my mind says its about 180 gay marriages.
CONTENT: Republican Mark Kirk is outsourcing his campaign to a Super PAC funded almost exclusively by a bunch of hedge fund billionaires. ...I dont have a Super PAC.
CONTENT: Zero Planned Parenthood facilities are licensed to do mammograms. Planned Parenthood, women dont need you!
Node: (28, 13)--------------------
CONTENT: NATO is opening up a major terror division. ... Im sure Im not going to get credit for it, but that was largely because of what I was saying and my criticism of NATO.
CONTENT: You cant get on an airplane, but more than 2,000 people on that list have been able to buy a gun.
CONTENT: I unsealed my records at Marquette University.
CONTENT: To abide by Environmental Protection Agency rules when mining or drilling you have to take caution not to disturb bodies of water barely bigger than a puddle.
CONTENT: After the debate that we had last week, PolitiFact came out and said that everything I said was true.
CONTENT: Im 59. In either Canada or Great Britain, if I broke my hip, I couldnt get it replaced.
CONTENT: Were above 800 million Muslims radicalized, more than half the Muslims on Earth Thats not a minority. Thats now a majority.
CONTENT: I was able to go and buy an automatic weapon Most people can go out and buy an automatic weapon.
CONTENT: I supported the surge when you didn't.
Node: (28, 14)--------------------
CONTENT: Weve doubled our use of renewable energy.
CONTENT: Many just call him Lyin Ted. ... HisTV ad about John Kasich? Lie! Stations had to pull it off the air.
CONTENT: Very, very, very few people get a pat-down when they go through airport security.
Node: (28, 16)--------------------
CONTENT: Medicaid spending declined by 1.9 percent in 2012, the second such decline in 47 years.
CONTENT: Crime is rising.
CONTENT: Milwaukee has the second-highest number of children recovered from sex trafficking.
CONTENT: The United States has seen a net loss of people with health insurance because of Obamacare.
Node: (28, 17)--------------------
CONTENT: Atlanta is the No. 1 trading point for sexual slavery in America. Between 100 and 200 girls are sold into slavery in Atlanta every month.
CONTENT: Less than half of jobs at the Carrier manufacturing plant in Indiana are actually staying.
CONTENT: The biggest contribution behind a decrease in U.S. unemployment was 1.2 million people leaving the workforce
CONTENT: In one Colorado hospital, 50 percent of newborns tested had marijuana in their system.
CONTENT: Under Gov. Mitt Romney, Massachusetts ranked 47th in job creation.
CONTENT: About 750,000 people die in China each year from auto emissions.
CONTENT: It still had not gotten terrible on the roads by 2 to 3 p.m. Tuesday.
CONTENT: Wisconsins economy has tanked under Gov. Scott Walker andso far in 2015 over 6,685 people have been laid off, already more than in all of 2014.
Node: (28, 18)--------------------
CONTENT: In fiscal year 2011-2012, 4,191 abortions were paid for by taxpayers via the Oregon Health Plan.
CONTENT: According to the most recent jobs report, weve got more Americans leaving the workforce than we have finding jobs.
CONTENT: Over the past twenty years, the number of homicides committed with a firearm in the United States has decreased by nearly 40 percent. The number of other crimes involving the use of a firearm has also plummeted, declining by nearly 70 percent.
CONTENT: Annual water usage in 2010 was actually down more than 18 percent from usage in 2006.
CONTENT: Last year (the U.S. womens soccer team) generated $20 million more than the mens team and were paid almost four times less.
CONTENT: If Florida expanded Medicaid, some studies indicate it would create about 120,000 jobs.
CONTENT: After filing a lawsuit in Rhode Island, we reached an agreement with state agencies that resulted in more voters being registered in the first full month after our lawsuit than in the entire previous two-year reporting period.
Node: (28, 19)--------------------
CONTENT: President Obama has the most border patrols and border security deployed at the border of any previous president.
CONTENT: Says Miami-Dade mayoral candidate Julio Robaina has the highest salary among Florida mayors. More than $260,000.
CONTENT: Since 2008, U.S. crude oil output has increased by over 80 percent, an increase of over 4 million barrels a day. That is the fastest increase in U.S. history.
CONTENT: You can hire lots of bureaucrats. Thats what the presidents done. Hes added 135,000 people to the government workforce.
CONTENT: In the last decade, the average income of the bottom 90 percent of all working Americans actually declined. The top 1 percent saw their income rise by an average of more than a quarter of a million dollars each.
Node: (28, 20)--------------------
CONTENT: Some businesses in Oregon are having to shrink back their businesses as a result of the law.
CONTENT: Atlanta has issued an increasing number of citations - and collected an increasing amount of revenue - since Mayor Kasim Reed took office in 2010.
CONTENT: We are now seeing a decrease in violent crime.
CONTENT: The U.S. is borrowing approximately $2.52 for every $1 of economic growth so far in 2012.
CONTENT: From 1947 to 1979, family incomes for rich, middle-income and poor Americans grew about the same rate. But since 1979, incomes for rich families have grown much faster.
CONTENT: Odd fact for odd draft: No. 2 overall pick will earn more than the No. 1 pick due to no state tax in Florida. So 2 not so bad.
CONTENT: Since 2009, after-tax incomes are up nearly 14 percent.
CONTENT: In the past year alone, Ohio businesses have created more jobs than almost every other state in the country.
CONTENT: At the same time gas prices have increased, the share of the oil market controlled by speculators has more than doubled over the past 10 years.
CONTENT: Under Donald Trumps tax plan, the top 0.1 percent of taxpayers -- people earning multiple millions of dollars a year, on average -- would get more tax relief than the bottom 60 percent of taxpayers combined.
CONTENT: Just this week we received the news that for the first time Social Security is now paying out more in benefits than it's taking in. That was something that was supposed to happen in 2016.
Node: (28, 21)--------------------
CONTENT: In 1952, the corporate income tax accounted for 33 percent of all federal tax revenue. Today, despite record-breaking profits, corporate taxes bring in less than 9 percent.
CONTENT: Every month since 9/11, there have been as many suicide attacks against the United States and its allies as there were in all the years leading up to 9/11.
CONTENT: The increase in the garbage tax that [Mayor Allan Fung] imposed in Cranston for some people has been as much as $200.
CONTENT: Since Obama took office, a net of 540,000 additional black Americans Obamas strongest supporters have lost their jobs.
CONTENT: The murder rate in Atlanta is on the rise this year.
CONTENT: We have cut crime across every single zone in the city of Atlanta by between 10 percent and 16 percent, depending on the zone.
CONTENT: HIV/AIDS is dramatically on the rise in the U.S. South.
CONTENT: Gangs have increased by 40 percent since this president was elected.
CONTENT: Wisconsin now ranks among the top 10 states for out-migration.
CONTENT: Says with the ongoing economic downturn, child abuse is on the rise.
Node: (28, 22)--------------------
CONTENT: Roadside bombs are responsible for 70 percent of casualties in Iraq and these new mine-resistant vehicles can reduce those casualties by two-thirds.
CONTENT: Fifty percent of Americans will go hungry at some time in their lives.
CONTENT: Says a pack-a-day smoker who quits because of the tax increase will save about $1,650 a year.
CONTENT: There are about 120,000 solar energy jobs in the United States, but only 1,700 of them are in Georgia.
CONTENT: Global warming leads to much quicker spread of the Zika virus because the increased temperature, makes mosquitoes mature faster, . . . bite more due to having a higher metabolism, and makes the Zika virus inside of them incubate faster.
Node: (28, 23)--------------------
CONTENT: For every $1 spent on afterschool programs, we can save over $5, almost $6, in crime costs down the line.
CONTENT: That 3.5 percent (increase in the third quarter GDP) came from two things government spending on Cash for Clunkers they just moved fourth-quarter auto sales into the third quarter and the first-time home buyer thing.
CONTENT: In Chile they have 72 percent of the GDP in savings.
CONTENT: Since June 2009, about 48 percent of all the jobs created in America were in Texas.
CONTENT: Let's pay attention to kids who are not going to college, which ends up being about 60 percent of the kids... and get them trained for the jobs that are there. Because, you know, there are auto mechanic jobs paying $50,000, $60,000 that they can't get filled. There are airline mechanic jobs paying a lot of money that can't get filled. Remarks at AFSCME forum 6/19/2007
CONTENT: Says because of Texas lawmakers choices, hundreds of thousands of women no longer have access to basic medical care, life-saving cancer screenings and contraception.
CONTENT: McDonalds in England only sells organic milk and free-range eggs, which provides more nutritious offerings than in the U.S.
CONTENT: A fairly limited number of people, 25 million to 30 million, will be allowed to access a national health insurance exchange.
CONTENT: Eighty percent of the net new jobs created in the state of Texas since 2009 went to the foreign-born.
Node: (28, 24)--------------------
CONTENT: In 2008, only 54 percent of Latinos in Texas were registered to vote and only 35 percent actually turned out.
CONTENT: Between 2010 and 2014, there was no net in-migration from Mexico.
CONTENT: The reason why Cubans dont have access to 21st century telecommunications like smart phones, like access to the Internet is because it is illegal in Cuba.
CONTENT: Under Scott Walkers tax plan, the average Wisconsin taxpayer got just $11 a month. But corporations got $610 million in tax cuts. Millionaires got at least $1,400 per year.
CONTENT: Says his average federal tax rate was 36 percent.
CONTENT: Nearly 46 million Americans don't have health insurance coverage today.
CONTENT: Nearly all of the top 50 prescribers of oxycodone in the United States are in Florida.
CONTENT: If you make the average amount of people in Wisconsin, $50,000, you got $1.60 less a week in taxes under the state income-tax cut, but it didnt show up in your paycheck.
CONTENT: If you are African-American in this country today, you are likely to have a net worth of about 10 percent of what white families have.
CONTENT: Just a little over 60 percent of your electric bill, my electric bill, 60 percent of that is pass-throughs, whether they be for building of nuclear plants or whatever they may be. A planned nuclear plant repair will only increase that percentage.
CONTENT: The unemployment rate among (the) non-college-educated is well into the double digits in America. Its 4 percent or 5 percent for people who have college degrees.
CONTENT: In some communities, for $10,000 worth of (PIP) coverage its $1,500 a year.
CONTENT: We lose an average of 90 Americans every day because of guns.
Node: (28, 25)--------------------
CONTENT: When we moved into the White House, we had the lowest net worth of any family since Harry Truman.
CONTENT: Says about 100,000 kids in this country leave their home state and go to another state to be educated. Out of that 100,000 young people, 30,000 of them are from New Jersey, by far the largest amount.
CONTENT: When you look at the number of crashes before the cameras were installed compared to after, theyre virtually the same.
CONTENT: In 2007, the top 1 percent of all income earners in the United States made 23.5 percent of all income, which is more than the entire bottom 50 percent.
CONTENT: Says more Austinites voted in the citys 1973 election featuring a mayors race than in the citys most recent mayoral election.
CONTENT: The rate in which people are working (in Wisconsin) is almost five points higher than it is nationally.
CONTENT: In this country, we have a 25 percent dropout rate.
CONTENT: Do you know that, statistically, when you take the SAT a second time, one third of the people that take the SAT, even if theyve been studying, will get a lower score than they did the first time around?
CONTENT: The tax on job creating businesses is 35 percent in the United States, second worst in the entire world.
CONTENT: 60 percent of the jobs lost in the 2008 recession were living-wage jobs. Of the jobs weve gotten back, only 40 percent are living-wage.
CONTENT: The mega-rich pay about 15 percent in taxes, while the middle class fall into the 15 percent and 25 percent income tax brackets, and then are hit with heavy payroll taxes to boot.
CONTENT: Taxes are lower on families than theyve been probably in the last 50 years.
Node: (28, 26)--------------------
CONTENT: Nearly 2,000 high schools - roughly 12 percent of all secondary schools in the United States - produce about half of the nations dropouts.
CONTENT: The poverty level in the Dallas school district is one of the highest in the country, higher than New York, Chicago, Los Angeles, Houston, Detroit and Newark.
CONTENT: Says Minnesota has more Fortune 500 companies than Oregon and one of the most obvious differences is theyve invested in their schools.
CONTENT: We do not have an overcrowding problem. As a matter of fact, Rhode Island has one of the lowest incarceration rates in the country.
CONTENT: In Rhode Island, only 5 percent of ozone pollution is from local or in-state sources. . . Ninety-five percent comes from outside of our borders, particularly the Midwest.
CONTENT: The Tax Foundation figures Rhode Island as the 10th highest state for state and local tax burden per capita in the country. Were the 6th worst in the country for the business tax index. Were the 3rd highest per capita in the country for all taxes.
CONTENT: The typical Wisconsin worker makes $5,000 less each year than our neighbors in Minnesota under Gov. Scott Walkers policies.
CONTENT: Says Texas is last in workers compensation coverage.
CONTENT: Austin is the biggest city in America with a Tier One research university (UT-Austin) but without a medical school.
CONTENT: The U.S.tax rate on successful small businesses is 44.6 percent, while the business tax rate in Canada is 15 percent.
CONTENT: Eight million Americans have dropped out of the work force since (Barack) Obama became president. ... The real unemployment rate is 19 percent.
CONTENT: The commercial property tax [in Providence] is second highest in the country behind Detroit.
Node: (28, 27)--------------------
CONTENT: Says judges get better benefits at a lower cost than everybody else in the state.
CONTENT: Wisconsin has one of the most progressive tax codes in the country.
CONTENT: The National Park Service has an annual budget that is less than the city of Austin.
CONTENT: The state of Georgia is near the bottom among states for SAT scores and graduation rates.
CONTENT: When housing and transportation costs are combined, Atlantas cost of living -- typically perceived as relatively low -- ranks as 7th worst out of 51 metros nationally.
CONTENT: North Carolina spends $855 less per student than it did before the Great Recession, and we have one of the lowest per pupil spending levels in the nation.
CONTENT: We have the lowest per-capita spending of any state in the nation except for South Dakota.
CONTENT: President Obama has the worst ratings of any president at the end of his first year.
CONTENT: States with the highest gun ownership rates also have the highest suicide rates.
CONTENT: Georgia has one of the nations highest jet fuel taxes.
Node: (28, 28)--------------------
CONTENT: Rhode Island has the the second-most heavily deployed National Guard in the United States.
CONTENT: The United States has one of the highest corporate tax rates in the world.
CONTENT: The minimum wage is lower right now than it was when Ronald Reagan took office.
CONTENT: Says Virginia is the biggest state that does not have a major league sports team.
CONTENT: We have the fourth highest in-state tuition for public universities in the country.
CONTENT: Georgia has some of the highest gas taxes in the Southeast but one of the lowest taxes on gasoline for transportation in the nation.
CONTENT: Providence is one of the busiest fire departments for its relative size in the country.
CONTENT: There are twice as many gun shops as McDonalds in the United States.
CONTENT: Florida has more concealed weapons permits than any other state.
Node: (28, 29)--------------------
CONTENT: There are more African American men in prison, jail, on probation or parole than were enslaved in 1850.
CONTENT: The budget for the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is only about 1 percent of the amount banks generate just from late fees and overdraft fees.
CONTENT: Right now, America has $1.1 trillion of student debt. Thats more than credit card debt.
CONTENT: The mosquito population in South Florida is larger than it is in many other communities in the country.
CONTENT: The United States currently has the highest corporate tax rate in the world.
CONTENT: Says Barack Obama has deported more people than any other president in this countrys history.
CONTENT: Says no city comparable in size to Austin or smaller was broken into as many congressional districts.
CONTENT: The region I represent, both currently and in the future, has more automotive plants than the entire state of California.
CONTENT: Florida still averages more students in its classrooms than any other state in the Southeast.
CONTENT: Ohio today has the fewest number of state employees since the Reagan administration.
CONTENT: Says Delaware County has more waterfront property than any other county in the state of Ohio
CONTENT: More than 30 cents of every state tax dollar goes to Medicaid.
Node: (29, 0)--------------------
CONTENT: Sen. Obama's campaign announced that he's choosing his cabinet.
CONTENT: Josh Mandel is lying about his own record. The rating of Ohios investment fund has NOT improved.
CONTENT: Cell phone numbers go public this month.
CONTENT: The Obama administration is unwinding our nations welfare-to-work requirements.
CONTENT: Polls show that Floridians dont want to repeal the Affordable Care Act.
CONTENT: ISIS camp a few miles from Texas, Mexican authorities confirm.
CONTENT: We have 395 inmates pushed into triple-bunked cells intended for two inmates and bunked in classrooms and areas supposed to be designated for inmate labor.
CONTENT: Says President Obama has waived the work requirement for welfare.
CONTENT: Birthers have obtained a copy of Obamas Kenyan birth certificate.
CONTENT: Pentagon confirms they may court martial soldiers who hold Christian faith.
CONTENT: A bill to advance the Keystone XL Pipeline is an earmark under House rules.
CONTENT: Now we have ISIS coming over the (U.S.-Mexico) border.
CONTENT: ISIS is running through a border made porous by Barack Obamas policies.
CONTENT: The ACLU has filed a suit to end prayer from the military completely.
CONTENT: We have constitutional amendment that says that there's a ban on drilling right off Florida's coast.
CONTENT: Secretary Geithner has left the option on the table of abandoning the dollar for a multinational currency.
CONTENT: The five Guantanamo detainees swapped for Bowe Bergdahl are back on the battlefield.
CONTENT: Charlie Crists personal approval numbers are plummeting.
CONTENT: Congresswoman Frederica Wilson successfully postpones closure of the North Perry airport tower.
CONTENT: Says our taxes have doubled with Rick Perry in office.
CONTENT: The Obama White House recognizes a baby that has not been born for security purposes.
CONTENT: Al-Qaida operatives, have said, Hey, we want you to use this loophole (for purchasing guns despite being on a watch list) to attack and kill Americans.
CONTENT: 13,000 Floridians are able to vote -- but their governor wont tell them.
CONTENT: Says new estimates from the Congressional Budget Office conclude the final price-tag for the health care law will exceed $2 trillion more than double what was initially reported.
CONTENT: The White House has "refused" international help in dealing with the oil spill.
CONTENT: For NATO exercises, we dont have enough of our own hardware and equipment even for training purposes. So the Britsare spotting us choppers.
CONTENT: Says Mike Coffman is with Trump.
CONTENT: All legislative mail, from the content to the timing, is approved by the speakers office.
CONTENT: We have been confronted with an unexpected storm that has hit the metropolitan area.
CONTENT: We have my opponent Sam Olens to thank for [the Arizona immigration ruling] since he was on the team that got Clinton elected.
CONTENT: Says Donald Trump hasnt broken his promise to release his tax returns.
CONTENT: The decision to cancel the trademark of the Washington Redskins is not the Patent and Trademark Office. This is Barack Obama.
CONTENT: North Korea is telling its people that their mens national team is in the World Cup final.
CONTENT: A United Nations working group has adopted a proposed agenda to enable member nations to disarm civilians within their borders.
CONTENT: Says his campaign has released his past tax returns.
CONTENT: We (Trump University)have an A from the Better Business Bureau.
CONTENT: Says she has quadrupled agents to secure our border.
CONTENT: Public support for abortion is actually going down a little bit, polls show.
CONTENT: The claim that 97 percent of scientists believe humans are causingclimate change has been debunked by the head of the United Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change. That number was pulled out of thin air.
CONTENT: Says we got a chance to pass what I think is Oregons first human trafficking bill which has increased by 66 percent the calls to the human trafficking hotline.
CONTENT: We have a fire marshal that said, Oh we cant allow more people ... And the reason they wont let them in is because they dont know what the hell theyre doing.
CONTENT: Says Democratic opponent is too Republican to stand up for us.
CONTENT: Says of flood of non-Mexicans being apprehended at the border: These are people that are coming from states like Syria that have substantial connections back to terrorist regimes and terrorist operations.
CONTENT: FBI confirms evidence of huge underground Clinton sex network.
CONTENT: The Clinton camp was the first to get it out there and try to say there was something untoward about the speech that Melania Trump gave.
Node: (29, 1)--------------------
CONTENT: The incoming Republican freshman class well, its no ordinary group: nearly half of its roughly 80 members have never served in elective office before.
CONTENT: One of the things we found very clearly and consistently is that [video gaming] is a growth industry.
CONTENT: Oregons three largest employers, and 13 of the top 25, are health care providers.
CONTENT: The children coming across the southern U.S. border were never examined after they got here and quarantined if they had a disease. They were just sent out across the country. Many of them had measles ... We now have an outbreak of it all because of our immigration policy.
CONTENT: Says the U.S. Senate has passed a budget over the last three years called the Budget Control Act.
CONTENT: While Americans pray for Paris, the government has acted on mandatory national vaccinations.
CONTENT: Up until two weeks ago, John McCain was a leading proponent of amnesty. Now with me challenging him, suddenly he has changed.
CONTENT: Americans increasingly want (the Affordable Care Act) to be repealed.
CONTENT: Georgia crackdown on illegal immigration costs state farmers $400 million last year.
CONTENT: The CBO now says the presidents health care law will cut the number of full-time jobs in the United States by 2.3 million by 2021.
CONTENT: Paul Ryans Medicare plan provides pretty much the same coverage that members of Congress receive.
CONTENT: The City of Milwaukee uses the building inspection area as a revenue base.
CONTENT: As part of efforts to rein in protesters, Republicans in Wisconsin have bolted windows inside the Capitol shut.
CONTENT: The Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court is transparent.
CONTENT: HIV/AIDS among women is skyrocketing in Austin.
CONTENT: More Tennesseans have hunting and fishing licenses than vote.
CONTENT: Says the stimulus bill sent tax credits overseas, such as $1.2 billion to a solar company thats building a plant in Mexico.
CONTENT: No federal official at any level is currently allowed to say Merry Christmas.
CONTENT: President Barack Obama has weakened the respect for America abroad.
CONTENT: United States students are achieving at number 25 out of 29 developing countries when it comes to science and math.
CONTENT: The presence of gorillas calls into question the concept of evolution.
CONTENT: Siemens has been unable to fill approximately 200 skilled trade positions in metro Atlanta.
CONTENT: Says President Barack Obama has been presiding over our jobs going overseas for seven years.
CONTENT: Google search spike suggests many people dont know why they voted for Brexit.
Node: (29, 2)--------------------
CONTENT: When the country was founded, Congress had exactly the same attitude about the sanctity of Christmas celebrations that a 7-Eleven does today: Yeah, were open.
CONTENT: It is senior citizens, not Hispanics, who are the fastest-growing demographic in this country.
CONTENT: When ICE releases illegal immigrants, a lot of those people are not from Honduras and Mexico. Theyre from Iraq and Somalia and Russia.
CONTENT: In New York City, murders are up.
CONTENT: Grocery prices have risen significantly over the past year or so.
CONTENT: When I took office last year we faced historic budget deficits of $6 billion here in Virginia. And we closed those deficits by cutting spending.
CONTENT: There are legitimate and widespread anomalies, and widespread questions about the conduct of (the Wisconsin Supreme Court) election, most visibly in Waukesha County, but also in counties around the state.
CONTENT: Says the new health care law delivers a $13 billion tax increase on families with special needs.
CONTENT: The Iran deal trusts the Iranians to inspect themselves.
CONTENT: When Standard Poors dropped our credit rating, what they said is, we dont have an ability to repay our debt. ... I was proved right in my position that the debt ceiling should not have been raised.
CONTENT: Poverty levels (are) at an all-time high.
CONTENT: Demand for public transportation is reaching record levels in Wisconsin.
CONTENT: The number of jobs created and people lifted out of poverty during Bill Clintons presidency was a hundred times what it was under President Ronald Reagan.
CONTENT: Obama has (a) new Christmas tree tax.
CONTENT: Regarding her State Department email practices, my predecessors did the same thing.
CONTENT: Says getting ex-cons to successfully return to society is important so we are not always faced constantly with recidivism, which is a big problem in the penitentiary today in the 70 to 80 percent range.
Node: (29, 3)--------------------
CONTENT: The Pasco County budget has doubled in the past three years.
CONTENT: A government panel that didn't include cancer specialists says women shouldn't receive mammograms until age 50...If government takes over health care, recommendations like these could become the law for all kinds of diseases.
CONTENT: In Arizona, there are only one and a half (Border Patrol) agents per every 10 square miles.
CONTENT: Under changes being debated, state employees in Wisconsin who earn $30,000, $40,000, $50,000 a year might have 20 percent of their income just disappear overnight.
CONTENT: More people are losing their insurance (due to Obamacare) than are becoming newly insured.
CONTENT: The failed economic policies of President Barack Obama, the Democrats and the Federal Reserve are making gas prices higher while Americas economy is running on fumes.
CONTENT: The auto companies have now repaid taxpayers every dime and more of what my administration invested in.
CONTENT: Says Barack Obama has added $16 trillion to the national debt.
CONTENT: Estimates for adopting Obamacares Medicaid expansion show it will cost Virginia taxpayers $902 million through 2022.
CONTENT: The spillover violence (from Mexico) in Texas is real and it is escalating.
CONTENT: Inspections of abortion centers around Virginia have found multiple violations of parental consent laws but Gov. Terry McAuliffe and his administration have done nothing.
CONTENT: Neighborhoods have become more violentunder President Barack Obamas watch.
CONTENT: SaysJosh Mandels campaign is under FBI investigation
CONTENT: Says judges are using Shariah law in Dearborn, Mich.
CONTENT: From 2014 to 2015, Austins murder rate is up a whopping 83 percent.
CONTENT: Says during George W. Bushs administration we were losing millions of jobs per month, while under Barack Obama we have three years of gaining hundreds of thousands of jobs per month.
CONTENT: Social Security and Medicare are a Ponzi scheme.
CONTENT: We are only inches away from ceasing to be a free market economy.
CONTENT: We have a goal of 10 percent of [City of Providence] contracts going to women and minority businesses. In reality, less than 1 percent of contracts go to women and minority businesses.
CONTENT: During my administration, for example, we boosted U.S. exports to Canada and Mexico by about 50 percent. That supports about 2.8 million American jobs.
CONTENT: In barely four years in office, five jihadists have reached their targets in the United States under Barack Obama, compared to zero in over seven years after 9/11 under George W. Bush.
CONTENT: Brock Turners early release will be a regular occurrence if Prop. 57 passes.
CONTENT: Gov. Scott Walker (is) more than halfway to (his) 250,000 jobs goal.
Node: (29, 4)--------------------
CONTENT: if the Agreement goes into effect, the millions of Mexican citizens who will become eligible for Social Security benefits may have a far stronger claim to benefits and protection against cuts than U.S. citizens!
CONTENT: At least 10 ISIS fighters have been caught coming across the Mexican border in Texas and there are dozens more that did not get caught by the Border Patrol.
CONTENT: Food stamps have gone up two-and-a-half times under Barack Obama.
CONTENT: Inner-city crime is reaching record levels.
CONTENT: Medicaid expansion could cost the Commonwealth of Virginia over $1 billion a year...
CONTENT: Why would our president close the embassy to the Vatican? Hopefully, it is not retribution for Catholic organizations opposing Obamacare.
CONTENT: The Islamic State just built a hotel in Syria.
CONTENT: Rick Scott increased tuition at our state colleges and universities by double digits.
CONTENT: The CDC is spending money on things like jazzercise, urban gardening and massage therapy that could be redirected to Ebola.
CONTENT: Nine hundred people have been fired since I became secretary (of Veterans Affairs). Weve got 60 people that we fired who have manipulated wait times.
CONTENT: Ending federal funding for National Public Radio would jeopardize 9,000 jobs.
CONTENT: We are seeing dramatic rate cuts to Medicare that will affect seniors ability to keep their doctor, hospital and prevention services.
CONTENT: Says tax revenue was lower than expected in May and thats basically a clear indication the governors counselors are probably right -- that we are still not out of the woods yet.
CONTENT: Bioweapon! Zika virus is being spread by GMO mosquitos (sic)
CONTENT: My opponent has no child care plan.
CONTENT: There is a 34 percent increase in violent crime in the state of California. And thats just within the last year.
CONTENT: Back door gun control is in full effect in the United States due to Obamas Environmental Protection Agency.
CONTENT: If women seeking an abortion see their ultrasound, the odds are pretty high theyre going to keep the baby.
CONTENT: We have doubled the distance our cars will go on a gallon of gas.
CONTENT: One of the biggest polluters in our country is the Milwaukee Metropolitan Sewerage District.
CONTENT: Governing magazine has estimated that in the states that dont expand Medicaid, a minimum, they said of 40 percent of rural hospitals will close in those states...
CONTENT: Medical-grade marijuana alonewill not get that patient high, no matter what level of THC, CBD or any other compound is found in the plant.
CONTENT: A recent Obama executive order could lead to a number of investigations by Interpol in the United States, potentially aimed at American officials.
CONTENT: But if my opponent had his way, the millions of Floridians who rely on it would've had their Social Security tied up in the stock market this week.
CONTENT: The Texas leg of the Keystone pipeline has already created 4,800 jobs in just the year its been up and running.
Node: (29, 5)--------------------
CONTENT: The law is very clear! 'The monies recouped from the TARP shall be paid into the general fund of the treasury for the reduction of the public debt.'
CONTENT: Republicans enacted the most drastic cuts to K-12 public schools of any state in the nation.
CONTENT: The premiums on Medicares prescription drug program have fallen almost every year since it began.
CONTENT: Says $500 billion in Medicare cuts are coming.
CONTENT: Ive been outspent by my opponents every time Ive run for U.S. Senate.
CONTENT: We cut property taxes by one-third in the state of Texas while Ive been governor.
CONTENT: Say easing restrictions on selling alcohol on Sundays will result in more traffic crashes and fatalities.
CONTENT: They delayed my swearing-in here in Massachusetts for a couple weeks so they could ram (the health care law) through.
CONTENT: Says John Kitzhabers proposed budget for upcoming biennium represents 8 percent increase over last
CONTENT: Says we are overcharging students . . . to help pay for the health care law.
CONTENT: We have more natural gas in this country than Saudi Arabia has oil.
CONTENT: Under Cuccinellis tax cut plan, school divisions across Virginia could be forced to fire over 8,000 teachers.
CONTENT: Weve had the lowest health care inflation in history because of Obamacare.
CONTENT: Ive created over 40,000 jobs.
CONTENT: Today there are more men and women out of work in America than there are people working in Canada.
CONTENT: We cut property taxes by one-third.
CONTENT: Some of the colleges, including AM, have already guaranteed that they will not increase their tuition.
CONTENT: Says Hillary Clintons been very clear where she stands on trade.
CONTENT: Nevada lawmakers permanently cut taxes for over 95 percent of Nevadas businesses.
CONTENT: Fiorinas plan would mean slashing Social Security and Medicare.
CONTENT: Iowa, for good reason, for constitutional reasons, for reasons related to the Lord, should be the first caucus and primary.
CONTENT: There are more atheists in the country right now than Jews, Muslims, Hindus and Buddhists combined and doubled.
CONTENT: The significant drop in Floridas unemployment rate is a good economic sign.
CONTENT: I want to freeze interest rates for five years.
CONTENT: Health insurance companies are making record profits, right now.
CONTENT: We are winning the popular vote.
CONTENT: The (border) fence is now basically complete.
CONTENT: Says Ovide Lamontagne wants to eliminate kindergarten.
CONTENT: There is already a mosque four blocks away.
Node: (29, 6)--------------------
CONTENT: When it comes to protesters in Madison, almost all are now from outside of Wisconsin.
CONTENT: Six years after unionization, 20,000 fewer children in Illinois were being served by the Child Care and Development Fund program.
CONTENT: We now have more jobs in solar than we do in oil.
CONTENT: Says U.S. greenhouse gas emissions are at 20-year lows.
CONTENT: The cost-saving measures we put into place at Columbia/HCA drove down national health care inflation from 18% to 8% in seven years.
CONTENT: Says high-speed rail would have created 60,000 jobs.
CONTENT: Medicaid patients were 97 percent more likely to die than those with private insurance.
CONTENT: The Wisconsin Legislature raised taxes more than $5 billion in 2009.
CONTENT: I sponsored the new Buy American law
CONTENT: The federal government has not engaged in (border security) at all.
Node: (29, 7)--------------------
CONTENT: Most young Americans right now, theyre not covered by health insurance.
CONTENT: I'm probably one of the four or five best-known Americans in the world.
CONTENT: Our credit rating went up since Ive been in office.
CONTENT: Were only inches away from no longer being a free economy.
CONTENT: No Bridge to Nowhere could occur.
CONTENT: Says Damascus disincorporation would produce NO significant tax savings.
CONTENT: Human activity is not causing these dramatic changes to our climate.
CONTENT: Right now were the highest taxed country in the world.
CONTENT: There was no panhandling when I left office.
CONTENT: About 47 percent of able-bodied people in the state of Maine dont work.
CONTENT: Were the seventh highest taxed state in America. And thats not just state, its local as well.
CONTENT: Were the most highly taxed nation in the world.
CONTENT: In 1940, only 7 percentof Germans were Nazis.
CONTENT: Were the highest taxed nation in the world.
CONTENT: I released all my emails.
CONTENT: Why was there no news coverage of this raid on the Arizona border? Seizure was just five days ago. Right on the Arizona border!
CONTENT: Obama couldn't have afforded his home without Rezko's help.
CONTENT: Says all my grandparents immigrated to America.
CONTENT: 95 percent of the worlds customers are beyond our shores.
CONTENT: Right now we have sufficient reserves to take care of Tennessees lottery scholarship students for a few years more.
CONTENT: There has been no net global warming for over a decade now.
Node: (29, 8)--------------------
CONTENT: Theres no negative advertising in my campaign at all.
CONTENT: This is not a mosque. Its a cultural center that has a prayer area.
CONTENT: Were one of the only communities in the country that didnt lose population in the last census.
CONTENT: Theres no wildlife in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge.
CONTENT: Its coming. Nobody can stop this train.
CONTENT: Obama "only wants your children to have health insurance."
CONTENT: I finished the controversyabout wherePresident Barack Obama was born.
CONTENT: Says he never voted for a tax increase.
CONTENT: We had no domestic attacks under Bush.
CONTENT: I have always been focused on reining in the deficit.
CONTENT: Nearly half of all persons under 30 did not go to work today.
CONTENT: Says I never billed a single hour of my time to the City of Portland in the last 10 years -- so, no revolving door.
CONTENT: I do provide universal health care.
CONTENT: I have never asked for nor received a single earmark or pork barrel project for my state.
CONTENT: This incident of supposed feces depicting a swastika on the wall of a bathrooms in one of the halls ... has been supported by zero fact.
CONTENT: You look at defense were spending more than the rest of the world combined.
CONTENT: So that 2005 energy bill was a big step backwards on the path to clean, renewable energy. That's why I voted against it.
CONTENT: There are no earmarks in the stimulus bill.
CONTENT: On the coal industry
CONTENT: Were the only system of federalism in the world.
Node: (29, 9)--------------------
CONTENT: We do not want to raise anybodys tax rates. Thats never been on the table.
CONTENT: Says Barack Obama is apparently not for vetting people and saying just anybody can come to the United States.
CONTENT: I never said that Muslims would be subject to profiling under his policies.
CONTENT: There is no planned air-conditioned restaurant out on the Lens.
CONTENT: On allowing abortion in cases of rape or incest, I have never said that or advocated that.
CONTENT: I didn't say it doesn't really matter whether Gore or Bush is president.
CONTENT: I have not said that I was a single-payer supporter.
CONTENT: Ive shut down pill mills.
CONTENT: The Chinese are there in Syria.
CONTENT: Says Ted Cruzsaid I was in favor in Libya. I never discussed that subject.
CONTENT: Says Donald Trump never said that more nations should get nuclear weapons.
CONTENT: I didn't campaign on a public option.
CONTENT: Nobody has been talking about it (Medicaid fraud), focused on it, or paying attention to it.
CONTENT: I have never voted for a tax increase.
CONTENT: Says he never said he wanted to move Social Security back to the states.
CONTENT: I did not say that I would not have them [Muslims] in my Cabinet.
CONTENT: Nobodys invited us to the Obama events in Atlanta.
CONTENT: I don't describe your plan as amnesty in my ad. I don't call it amnesty.
Node: (29, 10)--------------------
CONTENT: Prior to Obamacare here in Wisconsin, 95 percent of Wisconsinites were covered by insurance. After Obamacare, 95 percent of Wisconsinites were covered by insurance. It hasnt had an impact.
CONTENT: Weve got more revenue than we ever have.
CONTENT: I said two years ago that the Fannie and Freddie thing was a very serious problem and we had to work on it.
CONTENT: Forty-six cents of every dollar Ohio could get for Medicaid expansion is going to come from China or some other country that doesnt like us very much.
CONTENT: 92 million Americans arent working.
CONTENT: Nevada Republicans didnt do one single thing to cut spending in 2015.
CONTENT: Ive never supported a payroll tax.
CONTENT: Under those eight years before (Barack)Obama came along, we didnt have any successful radical Islamic terrorist attack in the United States since Sept. 11, 2001.
Node: (29, 11)--------------------
CONTENT: The people of Rhode Island dont want same-sex marriage.
CONTENT: What we said was, you can keep (your plan) if it hasnt changed since the law passed.
CONTENT: Mr. Trump is self-financing his campaign, so we dont have any donors.
CONTENT: We didnt go out and take information from the Hillary Clinton campaign.
CONTENT: I dont know anything about David Duke.
CONTENT: The U.S. Senate has one manufacturer thatd be me.
CONTENT: Nobody is leaving Memphis. Thats a myth.
CONTENT: When it comes to taking cuts in tough budget times, Wisconsin state workers havent had to sacrifice.
CONTENT: Social Security didnt cause the debt crisis. Social Security had nothing to do with the debt crisis.
CONTENT: There hasnt been a Republican in the legislature or the City Council in Providence in over 30 years.
CONTENT: Ninety million Americans either arent working or arent looking for work.
CONTENT: Says Robert Menendez is the king of raising money from Wall Street, over a million dollars, one of the leaders in the United States Senate. I havent raised any Wall Street money at all.
CONTENT: My numbers are better right now than Ronald Reagans numbers were with Jimmy Carter.
CONTENT: Qataris dont really work.
CONTENT: There havent been tax cuts for the rich in Rhode Island.
CONTENT: On the last night of the General Assembly, by 11 oclock 95 to 98 percent of the business was done. So we really didnt have that late-night session. We were just holding on one bill.
CONTENT: The American people dont want us to raise taxes.
CONTENT: Some of the things that (Megyn Kelly) said, I didnt say.
CONTENT: Obamacare isnt helping anyone.
CONTENT: I havent really proposed (phasing out aid to Israel) in the past.
CONTENT: The insurance risk corridors arent going broke like Republicans predicted.
CONTENT: Americas tax code hasnt been updated in 30 years.
CONTENT: Im the only candidate for governor whos rolled out any policies so far.
CONTENT: Rhode Island didnt ratify the 13th Amendment to the Constitution to pay federal income taxes. So Rhode Island doesnt even have to pay federal income taxes.
CONTENT: We dont know anything about Hillary in terms of religion. Now, shes been in the public eye for years and years, and yet theres no theres nothing out there.
Node: (29, 12)--------------------
CONTENT: When Mitt Romney was governor of Massachusetts, we didnt just slow the rate of growth of our government, we actually cut it.
CONTENT: I dont know who (Jonathan Gruber) is.
CONTENT: Have the suburbs been inundated with former residents of Atlanta housing projects? Absolutely not.
CONTENT: You cant check out a library book without a photo ID.
CONTENT: You cant put a gun rack in a [Chevrolet] Volt.
CONTENT: Although the governor doubled the beach fees . . . all the money, as we found out, is all going to an out-of-state company. The state isnt even getting the money for that.
CONTENT: Americans havent had a raise in 15 years.
CONTENT: Even our nuclear arsenal doesnt work. It came out recently they have equipment that is 30 years old. They dont know if it worked.
CONTENT: You dont know if this (the H1N1 vaccine) is gonna cause neurological damage like it did in the 1970s.
CONTENT: I dont think Ive ever hired an illegal in my life.
CONTENT: As unbelievable as it sounds, your tax dollars are funding the federal governments Zombie Apocalypse Plan. I kid you not.
CONTENT: Do you know that we have pipes carrying natural gas in this country that are made of wood? Im not joking.
CONTENT: We just dont want to get to be like Louisiana, where you have drive-up daiquiri shops.
CONTENT: We dont get a lot of calls from this White House I have, frankly, never had a call from them.
CONTENT: Marijuana is a Schedule I drug, which you understand means that you cant do any research about it.
CONTENT: Ben Franklin once quipped that only two things in life were certain: death and taxes. I think even he didnt envision that the tax man would visit on the day of your death.
CONTENT: Were broke. We dont have any more money.
CONTENT: If it werent for me (illegal immigration) wouldnt even be a big subject.
CONTENT: I wanted to keep it private, because I dont think its anybodys business if I want to send money to the vets.
CONTENT: The debt comes up all the time in town meetings ... but its never asked in the debates. Its really weird. It hasnt been brought up.
CONTENT: The Civil War wasnt about slavery.
CONTENT: Let me say that I dont think (Bernie Sanders has) had a single negative ad ever run against him.
Node: (29, 13)--------------------
CONTENT: Says a tweet he sent out wasnt saying, check out a sex tape. It was just take a look at the background of Alicia Machado.
CONTENT: If we had been on Obamacare and a bureaucrat was trying to tell me when I could get that CAT scan, that would have delayed my treatment.
CONTENT: I did not support the war in Iraq The record shows that Im right.
CONTENT: When asked about bills in Congress important to the North Country, Derrick responded I just dont know enough about it.
CONTENT: We dont have bars on campus in Texas. Its against the law... no alcohol allowed.
CONTENT: Fifteen years ago, you couldnt even get a pizza delivered in that neighborhood.
CONTENT: The climate hasnt warmed in quite a few years. That is proven scientifically.
CONTENT: Nothing was done. I mean, $25 million was spent, but we dont have that (gun ownership)database.
CONTENT: We just had someone last week in Neenah near a school kill someone with a bow and arrow.
CONTENT: I didnt raise taxes once.
CONTENT: Im beating (Kelly Ayotte) in the polls by a lot.
CONTENT: I dont think the argument can be credibly made that the United States of America is undertaxed compared to our competitors.
CONTENT: He made time to go to the gym, but canceled a visit with wounded troops. Seems the Pentagon wouldn't allow him to bring cameras.
CONTENT: My position hasnt changed on using executive authority to address immigration issues.
CONTENT: I had to lay off 48 people last year, which has exacerbated the lack of law enforcement officers in the county that respond quickly to crime calls.
CONTENT: When was the last time you saw a Chevrolet in Japan? It doesnt exist, folks.
CONTENT: We dont have a (military) reserve force if something happens.
CONTENT: Were inches away from no longer having a free economy.
CONTENT: If theres a government shutdown, people dont get their Social Security checks.
CONTENT: No, I did not (have illegal immigrants working at his mansion).
CONTENT: I have not insulted Donald personally.
Node: (29, 14)--------------------
CONTENT: I havent switched my position on the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal.
CONTENT: The DNC hack showed you that the Clinton campaign was working to schedule (primary) debates against (Bernie) Sanders, and the Clinton campaign is continuing this ploy against Donald Trump.
CONTENT: The CNBC debate was supposed to be three hours, and he renegotiated it down to two hours.
CONTENT: Says Russian President Vladimir Putin calls me brilliant.
CONTENT: Obamas job approval rating is up.
Node: (29, 16)--------------------
CONTENT: So far in 2015, there have been more mass shootings than days.
CONTENT: The United States spends almost three times per capita what they spend in the U.K. on health care and 50 percent more than they pay in France.
CONTENT: One in three American women will have had an abortion by the time she reaches the age of 45.
Node: (29, 17)--------------------
CONTENT: In the month of July alone, EU exports to South Korea increased by over 36 percent. A lot of that is our market share. Those are our farmers and our service providers who are suffering.
CONTENT: The average student debt coming out of the University of Wisconsin-Madison is something like 28,000 dollars.
CONTENT: In Wisconsin, only half of all the adults with serious psychological distress received mental health treatment or medication.
CONTENT: Four percent of American citizens are black males, but they are 35 percent of murder victims.
CONTENT: [Eighty-five percent] of the funds collected in each county will be redistributed elsewhere -- not spent in the county in which it is collected.
CONTENT: Says businesses already pay most of the taxes.
CONTENT: Virginia is home to more veterans per capita than any state in America.
CONTENT: Theres at least 7,500 addicted gamblers in Rhode Island, at least, it could be as high as 22,000.
CONTENT: Says $38 billion in spending cuts in federal budget compromise is less than $1 billion in real cuts.
CONTENT: The average CEO makes $10,000 more every day ... than what the average worker makes every year.
CONTENT: There are more than twice as many (crisis pregnancy centers) as there are legitimate abortion providers in the United States.
Node: (29, 18)--------------------
CONTENT: The (federal) debt is growing by more than $4 billion a day.
CONTENT: U.S. debt is now equal to 100 percent of the GDP.
CONTENT: Since President Obama came into office, another 2 million Hispanics have joined the ranks of those in poverty. The number of Hispanic children living in poverty increased by 15 percent in that short period of time.
CONTENT: If you look at our tax mix, the share of corporate revenues as a percentage of our overall revenue mix has declined by about half over the last 30 years.
CONTENT: Many states without collective bargaining, such as Arizona, Nevada and North Carolina, have far larger budget deficits than many that do, including Ohio.
CONTENT: Says our national debt is greater than our gross domestic product.
CONTENT: We have more coal reserves in the United States than they have oil reserves in Saudi Arabia.
CONTENT: Says only seven percent of 2009s stimulus bill went toward transportation projects, yet they created over one-third of the bills total jobs.
Node: (29, 19)--------------------
CONTENT: Eight out of the nine states with competitive Senate races, Hispanics make up less than 10 percent of the electorate.
CONTENT: Says that in the last five years, Texas created more jobs than all other states combined.
CONTENT: The Virginia population increased by just 8 percent from 2005 to 2015, but the per capita spending in the budget increased by a whopping 38 percent.
CONTENT: Says in the governors proposed budget the use of that, what is called one-shots, is a 500 percent increase over the last Corzine budget.
CONTENT: The number of new businesses started per year has dropped by 100,000 during this presidents term.
CONTENT: As the number of vaccines administered to children has increased in the United States, so has the autism rate.
CONTENT: The city of Houston now has more debt per capita than California.
CONTENT: Obama's proposed budget doubles the debt in five years, triples it in 10 years.
CONTENT: The tuitions in Virginia colleges...have doubled -- 100 percent -- in the last 10 years.
CONTENT: Since 2008, Gwinnett Countys population has grown 15 percent, while the county government staff has increased only 1 percent.
CONTENT: Rhode Island already gets more revenue per capita from gambling than any other state in the country.
CONTENT: If Congress does not pass the renewal of the payroll tax cut before the end of the year, nearly 160 million working families will see their taxes go up by roughly $1,000.
CONTENT: From 1972 until 2011, the number of EPA employees increased by 107 percent while the number of total federal personnel decreased by 15 percent.
CONTENT: We have more women living in poverty in this state than almost anywhere else.
CONTENT: Says since 2000, Austins tax burden rose more than 40 percent while family income rose more than 20 percent.
Node: (29, 20)--------------------
CONTENT: Since Gina Raimondo took office, investment fees on the states pension portfolio have gone up from about $12 million annually to about $50 million.
CONTENT: Says the state tax burden per citizen in New York is twice as high as in Florida.
CONTENT: Sometime in the next decade, there will be more Latinos in the state of Texas than there are Anglos. That will happen sometime in the next five to eight to ten years.
CONTENT: Millions of Americans are paying more and getting less under Obamacare.
CONTENT: Says health insurance premiums will rise under Obamacare.
CONTENT: We spend less than 2 percent more every year. That is the lowest increase in spending since they have been keeping numbers.
CONTENT: Between 2000 and 2010, the illegal immigrant population of Texas increased by 60 percent, while California and Florida had no increase.
CONTENT: The number of killings of citizens by police is at a two-decade high.
CONTENT: Health insurance costs for Floridians are up 30 percent or more.
CONTENT: Since (welfare reform) was signed into law, the number of families living in extreme poverty has more than doubled.
CONTENT: The ratio of corporate profits to wages is now higher than at any time since just before the Great Depression.
Node: (29, 21)--------------------
CONTENT: Youth unemployment in minority communities is about 40 to 45 percent.
CONTENT: African-American youth unemployment is 51 percent. Hispanic youth unemployment is 36 percent.
CONTENT: Medicare monthly premiums will go up to $104.20 in 2012 and $247.00 in 2014 due to provisions incorporated in the Obamacare legislation, purposely delayed so as not to confuse the 2012 re-election campaigns.
CONTENT: African-American children are 500 percent more likely to die from asthma than white kids.
CONTENT: The number of new illegal immigrant families who have crossed the border so far this year already exceeds the entire total from 2015.
CONTENT: The Social Security disability fund is going belly up in 2016.
CONTENT: Studies show that people that are on welfare are higher users of drugs than people not on welfare.
CONTENT: The Latino unemployment rate is higher than the white rate and the black rate is higher than the Latino rate.
CONTENT: The health care law reduces the number of uninsured in America by 3 percent for how much money? $2 trillion.
CONTENT: Interior deportations under Obama were down 40 percent and at a nine-year low.
CONTENT: New business startups are at the lowest levels in 30 years.
CONTENT: Every month, another 50,000 U.S.-born Hispanics turn 18 and become eligible to vote.
CONTENT: A World Health Organization report shows that more people are dying of TB.
CONTENT: Pasco County has the second highest population of homeless in all of Florida.
CONTENT: Less than 5 percent of registered users in states allowing medical marijuana have cancer or AIDS.
CONTENT: In Wisconsin, deaths from domestic violence are at the highest in 10 years.
CONTENT: Iraq is costing each household about $100 a month.
CONTENT: In 2015 roughly 10,000 political arrests occurred in Cuba. That is five times as many as occurred in 2010, when there were only about 2,000.
CONTENT: Our unemployment rate is now lower than it was before the financial crisis.
CONTENT: There are approximately 20,000 annual gun purchases in Rhode Island.
CONTENT: In the Obama economy ... the youth unemployment rate is double the unemployment rate for all Americans.
CONTENT: African-Americans are more likely to be arrested by police and sentenced to longer prison terms for doing the same thing that whites do.
Node: (29, 22)--------------------
CONTENT: The unemployment rate may be as high as 42 percent.
CONTENT: More people die from medical misadventures than firearm accidents nationally and in Florida.
CONTENT: Nationally, the unemployment rate for veterans is far greater than the national unemployment rate, and Wisconsin is one of those rare examples where unemployment is actually lower for veterans than it is for the population as a whole and certainly lower than it is nationally.
CONTENT: Wisconsin is not as obese as the national average is. The national average, 35.7 percent of the population is obese. In Wisconsin, its closer to 26 percent.
CONTENT: The tax penalty that the government imposes if you dont buy health insurance is lower than it would have cost to buy insurance.
CONTENT: People are five to seven times more likely to be murdered in workplaces that allow firearms than in those that prohibit it.
CONTENT: The middle class can be defined to include those with income between roughly $20,000 and $60,000.
CONTENT: The six largest cities in Ohio all have higher rates of violence and crime than every major city along the U.S.-Mexico border.
CONTENT: The unemployment rate for folks whove never gone to college is almost double what it is for those who have.
CONTENT: Families are paying $900, on average, "in higher premiums because of uncompensated care."
CONTENT: In some states, African-Americans are three times more likely to be sentenced to death than whites for the same crime.
CONTENT: If you make more than $250,000 a year you only really take home about $125,000.
CONTENT: In 1935, more than 50% of the elderly population lived in poverty. Today that poverty rate stands officially at 9.4%.
CONTENT: The LGBT community is more often the victims of hate crimes than any other recognized group.
CONTENT: One in five women in the military are receiving unwanted sexual contact, as are 3.3 percent of men.
CONTENT: As many as 22,000 Americans die each year because they dont have health insurance.
CONTENT: Manufacturing wages today in America on a per-hour basis are actually a bit lower than average wages in the economy as a whole.
CONTENT: The U.S. gun homicide rate is 20 times the combined rate of other western nations.
CONTENT: More than 90 percent of the guns recovered in Mexico come from the United States.
Node: (29, 23)--------------------
CONTENT: Six people in Florida die as a result of (not expanding Medicaid) every day.
CONTENT: The minimum wage is mostly an entry-level wage for young people.
CONTENT: 14,000 Americans . . . lose their health insurance every single day.
CONTENT: Vietnamese is the third most commonly spoken language in Texas.
CONTENT: More than half of the births in Texas are paid for by Medicaid.
CONTENT: Oregon families pay an extra $1,400 a year on higher insurance premiums to cover those who do not have insurance.
CONTENT: Europe and U.S. households waste 15 times more food than a person in Africa.
CONTENT: Says more than 1 million Texans are jobless, the state has its highest unemployment rate in more than 20 years and joblessness doubled on Rick Perrys watch.
CONTENT: Last year, Obama administration officials released into our neighborhoods more than 36,000 criminal immigrants who had nearly 88,000 convictions. The crimes included hundreds of convictions for murder, rape and kidnapping and thousands of drug-related crimes.
CONTENT: Twenty-three million Americans suffer from addiction, but only 1 in 10 get treatment.
CONTENT: In Rhode Island, Nearly 9 percent of covered employees go out on short term disability every year, with an average outage from work of almost 12 weeks each.
CONTENT: [A] 2009 USDA study found that 87 percent of chicken carcasses tested positive for generic E. coli ... just prior to packaging.
CONTENT: Countries with a higher minimum wage than the United States $7.25 an hour include Denmark at $21, Australia at$15.81, Germany at$11and France at$12.35.
CONTENT: A majority of drunk driving deaths and injuries are caused by drunk driving offenders with no prior convictions.
CONTENT: Human trafficking is the third-biggest criminal enterprise in the world.
CONTENT: Fifteen out of the 20 most polluted cities in the world are in India and China.
CONTENT: Of all the illegals in America, more than half come through Arizona.
CONTENT: The United States death rate is two-and-a-half times higher for those who do not have a high school education.
CONTENT: There are countries in Africa where they have higher vaccination rates than here in the United States.
CONTENT: A Penn State University study found that electronic cigarettes . . . are far less addictive than cigarettes.
CONTENT: As a result of Obamacare, California seniors face benefit cuts of over $1,700.
Node: (29, 24)--------------------
CONTENT: Says 51 percent of federal tax filers paid zero federal income tax.
CONTENT: Says 31 percent of Texas physicians accept all new Medicaid patients, down from 67 percent in 2000.
CONTENT: Ninety six percent of employers in the Granite State are considered small businesses.
CONTENT: Over 32,000 people die from #GunViolence every year. Yet, (The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention) is banned from researching ways to prevent this.
CONTENT: Forty-five percent of Americans went without needed care because of costs in 2007.
CONTENT: Six out of 10 of the highest unemployment rates are also in so-called right to work states.
CONTENT: About 40 percent of Hispanic homeowners have subprime mortgages.
CONTENT: In annual surveys of Rhode Island communities that receive Drug Free community grants, many report that more than 50 percent of youth surveyed do not think daily marijuana use poses any serious risk of harm.
CONTENT: Probably less than 4 percent of Wisconsin residents are enjoying the subsidies from Obamacare.
CONTENT: Ninety percent of people living in Gaza dont have access even to water.
CONTENT: Says Obama administration delay of health care laws employer mandate affects about 1 percent of the American workforce.
CONTENT: Domestic violence is seen as a pre-existing health condition and women had to pay 50 percent more for health care because of gender ratings, but under Obamacare, all of that is over.
CONTENT: Ninety-five percent of all the wages in Texas are above minimum wage.
CONTENT: While 38 percent of (firearms) dealers that were inspected in 2011 were noncompliant with federal law, only 0.05 percent of inspected dealers had their licenses revoked.
CONTENT: More than half of the people on food stamps today are children.
Node: (29, 25)--------------------
CONTENT: The average student in Florida, what they actually pay out of pocket at our major universities for tuition is as much or less than what they spend on cellphones.
CONTENT: In Rhode Island, 9 percent of workers use the states temporary disability insurance program each year while in New Jersey, the rate is only 3 percent.
CONTENT: 7 out of 10 Oregon families living in poverty have at least one parent who works.
CONTENT: Says Walmart employees represent the largest group of Medicaid and food stamp recipients in many states, costing the taxpayer $1,000 per worker.
CONTENT: Youre more likely to be the victim of a violent crime in Milwaukee than in 96 percent of the country.
CONTENT: In Wisconsin, 6.2 percent of the population is black yet 24 percent of all state abortions are on African-Americans.
CONTENT: The addition of a 1 percent sales tax would cost a typical household in Hillsborough County approximately $12 a month.
CONTENT: About 22 percent of adults in Rhode Island and approximately 30 percent of youth (ages 10-17) are considered obese.
CONTENT: Says recent studies indicate that nationally, only 8 percent of white voting-age citizens but 25 percent of African-American voting-age citizens lack government-issued photo IDs.
CONTENT: For every extra year that a girl stays in secondary school, her chance of getting infected with HIV/AIDS decreases by half.
CONTENT: Children born today will carry a $30,000 share of the national debt.
Node: (29, 26)--------------------
CONTENT: Health insurance is more expensive in Massachusetts than anywhere else in the country.
CONTENT: Even though Chicago has the most stringent gun laws on the books, it still has the highest murder rate in the country.
CONTENT: We have less crime in the (Rio Grande) Valley than we do in other major Texas cities.
CONTENT: Virginia is the number one state per capita in screening out people with mental illness from gun purchases.
CONTENT: The United States right now incarcerates more African-Americans as a percentage than apartheid South Africa did.
CONTENT: Rhode Island has the highest dropout rate in New England at twenty-three percent.
CONTENT: Lyme disease is one of the fastest growing infectious diseases in the United States, and Rhode Island has the second-highest incidence of this disease in the country.
CONTENT: The average kid comes out of Virginia colleges with about $25,000-plus in debt.
CONTENT: Rhode Island has a [inmate] recidivism rate of over 60 percent.
CONTENT: 44% of homeless people are employed.
CONTENT: Says only 18 percent of Portland elementary schools have art instruction compared to 83 percent nationally.
CONTENT: Among the nations 51 largest metropolitan areas, Milwaukee is the only one where the poverty rate is more than four times greater in the city than it is in the suburbs.
CONTENT: Milwaukee has the highest incarceration rate among African-American men in the country.
CONTENT: The UK has an unarmed police force and a firearm fatality rate that is 40 times lower per capita than in the U.S.
CONTENT: Northern Virginia is the most heavily trafficked place in the country.
CONTENT: Every day, a black name resume is 50 percent less likely to get responded to than a white nameresume.
Node: (29, 27)--------------------
CONTENT: California has the sixth largest economy on planet Earth.
CONTENT: The United States has the highest incarceration rate in the world.
CONTENT: Florida has the third most-regressive tax structure.
CONTENT: Says the Multnomah County Library system is the second busiest in the nation.
CONTENT: The nine-day deer hunt contributes more than $1.3 billion in revenue to the state of Wisconsin.
CONTENT: Says Austin has the lowest property tax rate by far of the five major cities in Texas.
CONTENT: Says the United States has the highest incarceration rate in the world with 2.3 million inmates, and the majority of Americans are imprisoned because they sold small amounts of drugs.
CONTENT: Says Oak Grove is one of the largest cities in Oregon and is the biggest city in Clackamas County and its not a city.
CONTENT: Says the federal government is the largest energy user in the country.
CONTENT: Georgia has the highest flu activity in the country.
CONTENT: Texas has a higher incarceration rate than Russia or Iran.
CONTENT: California is home to the largest death row populationin the Western Hemisphere.
CONTENT: Harris County, Texas has some of the highest jailing and incarceration rates in the U.S. and the world.
CONTENT: In Ohio, more than half the providers of safe and legal abortion have had to shut down since Gov. John Kasich took office in 2011.
CONTENT: Says Texas has one state inspector for every 4,500 oil and gas wells.
CONTENT: The U.S. has 5 percent of the worlds population, 25 percent of the worlds known prison population.
CONTENT: Texas is experiencing the fastest population growth in the country, adding more than 1,000 people a day.
CONTENT: The Central Falls fire department is one of the lowest, if not the lowest, paid fire departments in the state and entire region.
CONTENT: In Rhode Island, 28 percent of adults released from state prisons are re-incarcerated within a year.
Node: (29, 28)--------------------
CONTENT: The United States has the highest corporate tax rate in the free world.
CONTENT: Says the United States has the highest corporate tax rate in the world.
CONTENT: Florida has the most concealed weapon permits in the nation, nearly double that of the second state, which is Texas.
CONTENT: In Richmond, Va., theres more moving vans coming in than going out.
CONTENT: New Jersey has the largest transit system in the entire country.
CONTENT: Providence has amongst the highest tax rate(s) in the entire country.
CONTENT: Although we have twice the population of Greece, the state of Florida employs three times fewer government employees.
CONTENT: Texas has the nations highest rate and highest number of uninsured.
CONTENT: Rhode Island has the second highest per enrollee (Medicaid) cost of any state in the country, which is 60 percent higher than the national average.
CONTENT: Wisconsin pays criminal defense lawyers who represent the indigent $40 per hour, the lowest in the country.
CONTENT: The Cathedral of Christ the King is one of the Archdiocese of Atlantas largest and fastest-growing parishes.
CONTENT: The U.S. has the highest unintended pregnancy rate of any Western industrialized country.
CONTENT: Says New Hampshires second congressional district includes two counties where almost 5 percent if not more of residents are enrolled in the states expanded Medicaid program.
CONTENT: The largest enterprise in the world is the federal government of the United States of America
Node: (29, 29)--------------------
CONTENT: The U.S. spends more money on its military than the 16 biggest military budgets in the world combined.
CONTENT: Just about everyone everywhere is spending more hours on the job, less time with their families, bringing home smaller and smaller paychecks, while theyre paying more and more at the gas pump and the grocery stores.
CONTENT: The city of Atlanta has either the highest or second-highest average water bills in the country.
CONTENT: Georgia spends fewer tourism advertising dollars than any other state in the South.
CONTENT: Delta has had the most animal deaths among U.S. carriers in the past five years
CONTENT: The fastest-growing part of the Pentagons budget are health care expenses.
CONTENT: Wisconsins 6th congressional district has more manufacturing jobs than almost any other in the nation.
CONTENT: $16 trillion (the national debt) in $1 bills would cover the entire state of Ohio nearly 1.5 times.
CONTENT: We have to recognize that our salaries for faculty are the lowest in New England with the exception of the University of Maine.
CONTENT: Says New Jersey has the most educated population of all the states in this country.
CONTENT: We spend a staggering amount of money on health care over $2-trillion and almost twice as much as any other country per person.
CONTENT: Texans eat more catfish than residents of all other states combined.
CONTENT: Over 214,000 doctors opt out of Obamacare exchanges.
CONTENT: Medicare has at least $80 billion worth of fraud a year. That's a full 20 percent of every dollar that's spent on Medicare goes to fraud.
CONTENT: Wisconsins state budget is almost twice as large per person as the state budget of Texas, and even after billions in tax cuts, Wisconsins working families and businesses remain subject to a heavy tax burden.
CONTENT: Texas has more full-time state employees per capita than California and Illinois.
CONTENT: Our debt now is about $140,000 per household.
CONTENT: Says that according to many reports and even our own data, the state of Texas spent more through Medicaid on orthodontia than all other states combined.
CONTENT: There are more pain clinics in Broward County than there are McDonalds in Broward County.
CONTENT: Saysthere are actually more people in poverty now than there were when we started the War on Poverty.
CONTENT: China owns more of our bonds than do Americans.
CONTENT: More than three-quarters of the oil is gone.
CONTENT: Women of childbearing age spend 68 percent more in out-of-pocket health care costs than men.
CONTENT: Wisconsin lost more jobs over the past 12 months than any other state.
CONTENT: Eighty-seven percent of private insurance plans currently include (abortion) coverage.
CONTENT: The state of Wisconsin pays plumbers, engineers and other attorneys much, much more than it pays attorneys to represent poor people.
CONTENT: Says Lake Erie contains more native fish than all the other Great Lakes combined.
CONTENT: Texas has lost the most law enforcement officers in the line of duty of any state in America.
CONTENT: The national debt is larger than our entire annual economy.
CONTENT: New Hampshire has lost more jobs to China than any other state.
CONTENT: There are actually half a million fewer government employees now than there were when (President Barack) Obama took office.
CONTENT: Eighty-five percent of governments running right now. Only 15 percent of government spending is shut down.
CONTENT: Under Hosni Mubaraks rule, Egypt received more American dollars than any country besides Israel.
CONTENT: California has more kids in poverty ... than virtually any other state.
CONTENT: Saudi Arabia has the third-largest military budget in the entire world.
CONTENT: Emergency rooms account for 2 percent of all health care spending.
CONTENT: The U.S. has a record number of oil rigs operating right now more working oil and gas rigs than the rest of the world combined.
CONTENT: We have more people working in the state of New Jersey today than weve ever had in our history.
CONTENT: Virginia spends less per student today than we did in 2008.
CONTENT: Says an average of $4 billion is added to the national debt every day.
CONTENT: The state has less employees this year than we did last year.
CONTENT: Georgia has the countrys second highest number of fraudulent tax refund claims.
CONTENT: Georgia has the fifth-highest number of uninsured people of any state in the union.
CONTENT: More people without health care since George Bush took office; more children in poverty since George Bush took office.
CONTENT: There are only about 10 people in the United States Senate who have any real business experience.
CONTENT: Says there are half as many students in one Georgia technical college than there were two years ago.
CONTENT: There are fewerwars, there are fewerpeople dying in wars now than there have been in quite some time.
CONTENT: Texas has installed more wind power than any other state, and all but four countries.
CONTENT: More children die in agricultural jobs than in any other industry.
CONTENT: There are more words in the IRS code than there are in the Bible.
CONTENT: Despite the rhetoric from Democrat politicians, more people are employed this year than at any point in the history of Wisconsin.
